
--- page 1
Institutional 
Investor Day
May 22, 2024
--- page 2
Charles Schwab Corporation
Jeff Edwards
Managing Director, Head of Investor Relations
Introduction
2
--- page 3
Charles Schwab Corporation 3
Walt Bettinger
Co-Chairman of the 
Board and Chief 
Executive Officer
Peter Crawford
Managing Director,
Chief Financial Officer
Bernie Clark
Managing Director,
Head of Advisor 
Services
Stacy Hammond
Managing Director,
Chief Marketing Officer
Rick Wurster
President
Jonathan Craig
Managing Director, 
Head of Investor 
Services and Marketing
Joe Martinetto
Managing Director,
Chief Operating 
Officer
Neesha Hathi
Managing Director,
Head of Wealth and 
Advice Solutions
Presenters
James Kostulias
Managing Director,
Head of Trading 
Services
Lisa Hunt
Managing Director,
Head of International 
Services

--- page 4
1 Walt Bettinger, Long-term Strategic Overview
4
2 Rick Wurster, Sustainable Growth Model
3 Joe Martinetto, Ameritrade Integration Review
4 Bernie Clark, Advisor Services
15 Minute Break at 9:40 a.m. 
5 Jonathan Craig, Retail Investor
6 James Kostulias, Trader
7 Lisa Hunt, International Services
60 Minute Break at 11:50 a.m. 
*All times are Central Time
8 Stacy Hammond, Client Acquisition and Marketing
Agenda
Combined Q&A 
following Ameritrade 
Integration Review
Combined Q&A 
following International 
Services
Charles Schwab Corporation
9 Neesha Hathi, Wealth and Advice Solutions
10 Peter Crawford, Financial Perspectives
--- page 5
Forward Looking Statements
Charles Schwab Corporation 5
This presentation contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-
looking statements include statements that refer to goals, priorities, expectations, trends, projections, or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, and are identified by words 
such as “believe,” “estimate,” “anticipate,” “expect,” “intend,” “plan,” “may,” “could,” “would,” “will,” “continue,” “build,” “enhance,” “grow,” “expand,” and other similar expressions.
These forward-looking statements relate to: the company’s strategy and approach; positioning; success with clients; business momentum; growth in the client base, client accounts, and assets; 
organic growth; growth in fee based solutions; growth in revenues, earnings, and profits; the integration of Ameritrade, including transition related attrition, remaining integration related work, 
expense and revenue synergies, and the opportunity and benefits of the combined platform; client and industry trends; competitive advantages; scale and efficiency; ROCA and EOCA; pricing 
and value proposition; market share; opportunities; strategic priorities; service levels and client experience; investments in platform, operations and infrastructure; enhancing and expanding 
offers and solutions for clients and RIAs; marketing efficiency; operating leverage; diversified revenue sources; all-weather business and financial model; expense management; balance sheet 
management; credit risk; transactional sweep cash; asset and liability alignment; liquidity sources; utilization and repayment of supplemental funding; investment portfolio; reinvestment yields; 
capital management framework and Tier 1 Leverage Ratio; net interest margin; capital return, dividends and share repurchases; mathematical illustrations and related assumptions, including 
macro, business and client behavioral factors; NNA growth rate; profit margin; long term growth and earnings potential; and stockholder value. 
These forward-looking statements reflect management’s beliefs, expectations and objectives as of today and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ 
materially. Important factors that may cause such differences are discussed in the company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q,  which have been filed with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission and are available on the company’s website (https://www.aboutschwab.com/financial-reports) and the Securities and Exchange Commission’s website 
(www.sec.gov). Such factors include: the risk that expected expense and revenue synergies and other benefits from the Ameritrade acquisition may not be fully realized or may take longer to 
realize, and integration expense may be higher than expected; the company’s ability to attract and retain clients and RIAs and grow those relationships and associated client assets; investor 
engagement and interest in the company’s products and services; the company’s ability to monetize client assets; competitor actions and competitive pressures on pricing; the company’s ability 
to support client activity levels; the level and mix of client trading activity; client asset levels and cash balances; general economic and market conditions, including interest rates, equity 
valuations and volatility, and changes in monetary and fiscal policy; client sensitivity to interest rates; balance sheet positioning relative to changes in interest rates; loan growth; interest earning 
asset mix and growth; securities lending; margin balances; the migration of bank deposit account balances; capital and liquidity needs and management; the company’s ability to manage 
expenses; capital expenditures; adverse developments in litigation or regulatory matters and any charges associated with such matters; tax matters and changes in income tax rates; new or 
increased regulatory fees and assessments, including FDIC assessments; changes in laws and regulatory requirements and expectations, including capital and liquidity requirements; 
effectiveness of the company’s financial and operational controls; risks associated with cybersecurity threats, unauthorized access and data security; and the risk of disruption or failure of critical 
operational systems. 
The information in this presentation speaks only as of May 22, 2024 (or such earlier date as may be specified herein). The company makes no commitment to update any forward-looking 
statements.
--- page 6
Institutional 
Investor Day
--- page 7
Walt Bettinger
Co-Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
Long-term Strategic Overview
7Charles Schwab Corporation
--- page 8
8
 For over 50 years, we have looked at the world through 
our clients’ eyes — evolving to increasingly meet the 
spectrum of investors’ and traders’ needs across 
investing, banking, and wealth management solutions
 We continue to lead with our “no trade-offs” approach 
– combining the best of people and technology with 
low costs to help enable clients to pursue their 
financial goals
 As we enter the firm’s next chapter, the strength of our 
enhanced platforms, high-quality solutions, and 
dedicated people positions us to drive future growth 
and unlock the tremendous opportunities ahead of us
“Always put 
the client first. 
No matter what.”
Charles Schwab Corporation
--- page 9
9
We have consistently 
championed individual 
investors and the advisors 
who serve them.
To champion every client’s goals 
with passion and integrity
To be the most trusted leader 
in investment services
Through Clients’ Eyes
PURPOSE
VISION
STRATEGY
DRAFT
years in business
banking accounts
client assets brokerage accounts
Schwab workplace plan 
participants
independent RIAs
employeesbranch locations
50+ $8.8T 35M+
15K 1 5.3M
1.9M32K+380+
Charles Schwab Corporation
Note: K = Thousand. M = Million. T = Trillion. Metrics as of April 30, 2024.  
--- page 10
10
Discount 
Brokerage
Since day one, we’ve set out to challenge the status quo, looking 
for ways to offer our clients more value and a best-in-class 
experience. 
Asset 
Management
Banking
Our unwavering commitment to clients remains at the forefront of every decision we make. 
Personalization
We call this
Modern 
Wealth 
Management
Charles Schwab Corporation
Our unwavering commitment to clients remains at the forefront of every decision we make. 
Advice
Advisor
Services
Note: RIA = Registered Investment Advisor. 
--- page 11
Our guiding principles revolve around the Golden Rule: treat 
investors how we would like to be treated,...
11
Trust is everything. Earned over time. Lost in an instant.
Price matters. More than ever. And in our industry more than most.
Clients deserve efficient experiences. Every time.
Every prospective or existing client is critical to our future growth. No matter how large 
or small.
Actions matter more than words. Clients, press, influencers, and employees will give 
credit to what we do versus what we say.
Charles Schwab Corporation
--- page 12
…and the rest will follow.
12
Note: Q = Quarter.  M = Million. T = Trillion. NNA = Net new assets. Core net new assets = net new assets before significant one-time flows, such as acquisitions/divestitures or extraordinary flows (generally greater than $10 billion) relating to a specific 
client. These flows may span multiple reporting periods. 1. All peer data represents results from respective wealth management segments of Morgan Stanley, JP Morgan, Bank of America, and Wells Fargo, excluding Schwab, which is shown on a total 
company basis. All data sourced from company filings and releases. 2. Measured from January 1, 2013 through March 31, 2024 and excludes the impact of new brokerage accounts and NNA related to the acquisition of Ameritrade. Charles Schwab Corporation
$2.2T
$9.1T
+29M
New Brokerage Accounts2
(excl. Ameritrade)
+$2.8T
Core NNA2
Since 2013
Dec-13 Mar-24
Total Client Assets, 2013 – 1Q24 ($T)1
SCHW
Select Wealth Peers1 
BAC
JPM
MS
WFC
--- page 13
We are focused on serving our clients where and how they want to 
be served.
13
Trust
Value
Transparency
Service
Build trust by treating clients the 
way we would like to be treated
Deliver industry-leading
value to all of our clients
Ensure transparency across every 
client interaction and make it easier 
for them to achieve their goals
Combine the best of people and 
technology to deliver a stellar, modern 
wealth management experience
Charles Schwab Corporation
“No trade-offs”
--- page 14
Our brokerage platform caters to self-directed investors and traders 
who want access to a broad range of products and great service.
14Charles Schwab Corporation
~90%
Retail Accounts Opened Digitally 
During 1Q24
“No 
trade-offs”
Note: Q = Quarter. ETF = Exchange traded fund. 1. See the Charles Schwab Pricing Guide for Individual Investors for full fee and commission schedules: https://www.schwab.com/legal/schwab-pricing-guide-for-individual-investors. 2. Forbes Best 
Customer Service 2024 was given on November 16, 2023, and expires January 2, 2025. The criteria, evaluation, and ranking were determined by Forbes partnered with HundredX. See https://www.forbes.com/sites/rachelpeachman/2023/11/09/best-
brands-for-customer-service-2024-methodology/ for more information. Schwab paid a licensing fee to Forbes for use of the award and logos.
Enhanced Trading Experiences
thinkorswim® and Schwab Network
Charles Schwab 
selected as a Forbes 
2024 Best Customer 
Service award winner2
$0
Commissions on Listed Stocks, 
ETFs, Options, and Mutual Funds1
Discount 
Brokerage
Asset 
Management
Personalization
Advice
Banking
Advisor 
Services

--- page 15
Advisor Services is committed to helping independent advisors of 
all sizes grow, compete, and succeed.
15Charles Schwab CorporationNote: K = Thousand. B = Billion. T = Trillion. Q = Quarter. YTD = Year to date. NNA = Net New Assets. Core NNA = Net new assets before significant one-time flows, such as acquisitions/divestitures or extraordinary flows (generally greater than $10 
billion) relating to a specific client. These flows may span multiple reporting periods. 1. Data as of March 31, 2024.
$53B No Custody 
Fees Advisory Firms1
15K+
YTD Core NNA1
1Q242003
Advisor Services Client Assets ($T)
Advisor 
Services
$4.3T
Asset 
Management
Personalization
Advice
Banking
Discount 
Brokerage

--- page 16
1
Competitively priced asset management solutions are designed to 
address a variety of investor preferences.
16Charles Schwab Corporation
“No 
trade-offs”
5
15
Schwab Industry Average
Note: K = Thousand. T = Trillion. OER  =  Operating expense ratio. Bps = Basis points. AUM = Assets under management. ETF = Exchange-traded fund. 1. OER data sourced from Morningstar and Schwab, as of April 30, 2024. “Schwab” represents asset-
weighted OER for cap-weighted Schwab ETFs and “Industry Average” represents asset-weighted average for traditional cap-weighted index ETFs and excludes strategic beta ETFs (categorized by Morningstar).
Average OER for Passively Managed ETFs1 (bps)
Low-Cost ETFsSchwab Asset Management AUM
>20K
Third-party Fund 
Products
100+
Proprietary 
Funds
Comprehensive Investment Solutions
TM
ThomasPartners®
2004 2023
~$1.0T
Asset 
Management
Discount 
Brokerage
Personalization
Advice
Banking
Advisor 
Services

--- page 17
We provide accessible wealth and advice solutions for many 
stages of a client’s journey.
17Charles Schwab CorporationNote: B = Billion. 1. As of March 31, 2024. Managed Investing net flows includes Schwab Wealth Advisory™ , ThomasPartners®, Windhaven®, Schwab Managed Products, Managed Account Select®, USAA Managed Portfolios, Wasmer Shroeder™  
Retail, Wasmer Schroeder™  Off Platform & Advisor Services, Schwab Advisor Network®, AdvisorDirect®, Schwab Intelligent Portfolios®, Schwab Personalized Indexing™  and Schwab Selective. May include flows into more than one product.
Full-Range of Wealth & Investment Management Solutions
Do it myself Do it with me Do it for me
$38B+
Managed Investing Net Flows1
$13B+
Net Flows into our premier fee-based solution, 
Schwab Wealth AdvisoryTM
Trailing 12-months
Advice
Discount 
Brokerage
Advisor 
Services
Asset 
Management
Personalization
Banking

--- page 18
As a bank for investors, we are focused on deepening 
relationships through lending and cash management solutions.
18Charles Schwab Corporation
Note: B = Billion. Q = Quarter. RIA = Registered Investment Advisor. Mins = Minutes. ATM = Automated teller machine. 1. Includes net balances for first lien residential real estate mortgage loans, home equity lines of credit, and other CRA-related 
loans. 2. Charles Schwab received the highest score in the checking segment of the J.D. Power 2019-2024 U.S. Direct Banking Satisfaction Studies, which measures overall satisfaction with direct branchless banks. Visit jdpower.com/awards for more 
details. The J.D. Power 2024 U.S. Direct Banking Satisfaction Study is independently conducted, and the participating firms do not pay to participate. Use of study results in promotional materials is subject to a license fee.
“No 
trade-offs”
Pledged Asset Line® 
2017 1Q24
$41B
$16B
Residential Real Estate1
Bank Lending Solutions Pledged Asset 
Line®
Enhanced digital 
onboarding allows 
RIAs to open and fund 
multiple accounts in 
minutes
+200%
Growth in balances 
since 2017
<5 mins
Average approval time 
for ~70% of loans
Charles Schwab Bank
 #1 in Customer 
Satisfaction for Direct 
Bank Checking Accounts2
6 Years in a Row
Schwab Bank Investor CheckingTM
Unlimited ATM Fee 
Rebates Worldwide
No minimum 
balance fees
Banking
Discount 
Brokerage
Advisor 
Services
Asset 
Management
Advice
Personalization
--- page 19
Providing opportunities for personalization further enhances client 
experience and value.
19Charles Schwab Corporation
“No 
trade-offs”
Schwab Investing Themes™
Schwab Stock Slices®
Note: M = Million. U/HNW = Ultra / high net worth.
Schwab Private 
Client ServicesTM
Schwab Private 
Wealth ServicesTM
HNW ($1M-$10M) UHNW ($10M+)
&
Specialized Service Models for Largely 
Self-directed Investors and Traders
Schwab Personalized Indexing®
Schwab 1000 
Equity
MSCI KLD
400 Social
MSCI EAFE 
International
S&P SmallCap 
600®
Personalization
Discount 
Brokerage
Advisor 
Services
Asset 
Management
Advice
Banking

--- page 20
Schwab’s intentional evolution enables us to begin the next chapter 
from a position of strength,…
20Charles Schwab Corporation
By design, we are aligned to the two fastest growing 
segments in the U.S. Retail market,...
…keeping us well-positioned to capture meaningful growth 
for years to come.
~14%
U.S. Retail Market: $65T+1
Schwab
Self-Directed 
Investors,
 Wirehouses,
 RIAs, & IBDs 
Note: T = Trillion. CAGR = Compound annual growth rate. RIA = Registered Investment Advisor. IBD = Independent broker-dealer. 1. Source: Cerulli and FRED. As of December 31, 2022. 2. Total client assets as of April 30, 2024.
Current market share estimate2
U.S. Retail Investable Wealth CAGR, 2017 – 20221
11%
9%
8%
7%
6%
4%Wirehouses
Independent
Broker-dealers
Direct /
Self-directed
RIAs
Regional 
Broker-dealers
Total U.S.
Investable Wealth
--- page 21
…as our “Through Clients’ Eyes” strategy supports long-term 
profitable growth.
21
Serve clients exceptionally well so we remain the industry’s 
premier asset gatherer
Offer innovative solutions that meet the unique 
needs of our clients
Cultivate lifetime relationships through excellent 
experiences
Drive our operating leverage, giving us an advantage 
that allows us to thoughtfully re-invest 
Maintain a strong balance sheet and remain good stewards 
of stockholder value
Charles Schwab Corporation
--- page 22
22
 For over 50 years, we have looked at the world through 
our clients’ eyes — evolving to increasingly meet the 
spectrum of investors’ and traders’ needs across 
investing, banking, and wealth management solutions
 We continue to lead with our “no trade-offs” approach 
– combining the best of people and technology with 
low costs to help enable clients to pursue their 
financial goals
 As we enter the firm’s next chapter, the strength of our 
enhanced platforms, high-quality solutions, and 
dedicated people positions us to drive future growth 
and unlock the tremendous opportunities ahead of us
“Always put 
the client first. 
No matter what.”
Charles Schwab Corporation
--- page 23
Rick Wurster
President
Sustainable Growth Model
23Charles Schwab Corporation
--- page 24
24Charles Schwab Corporation
Value Service
Transparency Trust
Our “no trade-offs” 
approach to serving 
investors informs our 
long-term strategy, 
paving the way for 
continued growth.
--- page 25
Charles Schwab Corporation 25
Core Net New Assets ($B) by New and Existing Clients1,2
Note: Q = Quarter. B = Billion.  NNA = Net new assets. 1. New Client NNA = NNA generated during the month in which the household is opened, plus the subsequent two months. Core NNA = Net new assets before significant one-time flows, 
such as acquisitions/divestitures or extraordinary flows (generally greater than $10 billion) relating to a specific client. These flows may span multiple reporting periods. Organic growth rate shown on an annualized basis 2. Full-year reported 
results only include Ameritrade from the transaction closing on October 6, 2020 forward. 
7% 7% 7% 8% 5%
20192014 2015 2016 20182017 20212020
$428
$558
2022
$212
2023
$125 $135 $126
$199
$228
$282 $306
New Client NNA
Existing Client NNA
5% 5% 7%
Organic 
Growth
 Rate
6% 4%
Our unwavering focus on meeting clients’ needs helps power 
our long-term organic growth.
3-5%
NNA Growth from Existing Clients
2-3%
NNA Growth from New Clients
Annualized Core 
NNA growth rate 5-7%
We have started 2024 with strong momentum, resulting in nearly 
$100B in core NNA gathered through Q1.
Schwab Originated 
Accounts Only
$333B
Core NNA
6.4%
Organic Core NNA 
Growth Rate
--- page 26
We believe that further advancing our strategic priorities 
will help enable sustained long-term growth.
Charles Schwab Corporation 26
Scale &
 Efficiency
Win-Win 
Monetization
Client 
Segmentation
Brilliant 
Basics
Remaining expense 
synergies
Artificial intelligence
Personalized investing 
solutions 
Enhanced service models
Differentiated client
experiences
Trading platforms
Lending capabilities
Automation and systems 
modernization
Enhanced wealth and      
advice offerings
Further expand breadth and 
depth of product offerings
Specialized capabilities
Tailored education
Intuitive cross-channel        
client experiences
Enhanced service rep tools
Digital client workflows
Access when and where 
clients need itWorkplace businesses
Ameritrade integration
--- page 27
Charles Schwab Corporation 27
Scale &
 Efficiency
Note: Q = Quarter. Bps = Basis points. IBD = Independent broker-dealer. EOCA = Expense on Client Assets. 1. Data presented for FY23 and represents GAAP total expenses excluding interest from respective wealth 
management segments of all companies, if applicable. Schwab is represented on a total company basis. Any impact related to loan provisions is treated as a contra-revenue. All data sourced from company filings and 
releases. Wirehouse segment includes Morgan Stanley, JP Morgan, Bank of America, and Wells Fargo. Regional and IBD segment includes Ameriprise, LPL Financial, and Raymond James. Online Broker segment 
includes Interactive Brokers and Robinhood. 2. Further detail on non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of such measures to reported results are included on slides 112-117 of this presentation. 
2023 Expense on Client Assets (bps)1 
We continue to be the low-cost provider 
among full-service investment firms.
Remaining expense synergies Artificial intelligenceAmeritrade integration
Further enhancing our operations and infrastructure helps our 
ability to attract more assets and serve them more efficiently.
~41
~68 ~60
Regionals 
and IBDs
Schwab
GAAP
Online 
Brokers
Schwab
Adjusted
Wirehouses
16 14
Our 1Q24 EOCA was 14 bps, or 13 bps adjusted1  
2
--- page 28
Charles Schwab Corporation 28
Further enhancing our operations and infrastructure helps our 
ability to attract more assets and serve them more efficiently.
Scale &
 Efficiency
Note: Q = Quarter. Bps = Basis points. IBD = Independent broker-dealer. EOCA = Expense on Client Assets. B = Billion. T = Trillion. 1. Further detail on non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of such 
measures to reported results are included on slides 112-117 of this presentation. 2. As of March 31, 2024 3. Illustrates a one-time increase of NNA as a result of increasing share of Ameritrade client total assets held 
at Schwab. 4. As of May 16, 2024.
We have increased the size of our client base 
and by year-end, we will capture the 
remaining Ameritrade expense synergies.
$1.9T
Introducing Ameritrade clients to the 
broader capabilities of the combined firm 
could further support organic growth. 
Total converted 
assets brought 
to Schwab
Remaining Ameritrade 
run-rate expense 
synergies2<20%
We continue to be the low-cost provider 
among full-service investment firms.
Remaining expense synergies Artificial intelligenceAmeritrade integration
~41
~68 ~60
WirehousesSchwab
Adjusted
Schwab
GAAP
Online 
Brokers
Regionals 
and IBDs
16 14
$500B+
Asset capture opportunity by 
bringing Ameritrade clients to 
share of wallet parity3
Total asset attrition continues to track favorable to our expectations of ~5-6% 
of Ameritrade client assets prior to initial conversion weekend.4Our 1Q24 EOCA was 14 bps, or 13 bps adjusted1
1
2023 Expense on Client Assets (bps) 
--- page 29
Charles Schwab Corporation 29
Further enhancing our operations and infrastructure helps our 
ability to attract more assets and serve them more efficiently.
Scale &
 Efficiency
Note: Q = Quarter. Bps = Basis points. IBD = Independent broker-dealer. EOCA = Expense on Client Assets. AI = Artificial Intelligence. Avg. = Average. Rep = Representative. Mins = Minutes. 1. Further detail on non-GAAP 
financial measures and a reconciliation of such measures to reported results are included on slides 112-117 of this presentation. 2. Retrieval times are for client questions that initially require multiple Schwab Knowledge 
Center queries by a rep to provide an answer. Research conducted in 2023. 
Schwab Knowledge Assistant uses generative AI to streamline the experience for 
client-facing reps to get answers to complex process and policy questions.
We continue to be the low-cost provider 
among full-service investment firms.
Remaining expense synergies Artificial intelligenceAmeritrade integration
~41
~68 ~60
WirehousesSchwab
GAAP
16
Online 
Brokers
Schwab
Adjusted
Regionals 
and IBDs
14
Current 
Rep Experience
~3 mins
Schwab Knowledge Assistant 
Rep Experience
Avg. information 
retrieval time2
<1 min
Avg. information 
retrieval time2
1
2023 Expense on Client Assets (bps) 
Our 1Q24 EOCA was 14 bps, or 13 bps adjusted1
--- page 30
Charles Schwab Corporation 30
Win-Win 
Monetization
Note: M = Million. B = Billion. Q = Quarter. WTP = Willingness to pay. HH = Household.  1. Managed Investing net flows includes Schwab Wealth AdvisoryTM, ThomasPartners®, Windhaven®, Schwab Managed Products, 
Managed Account Select®, USAA Managed Portfolios, Wasmer ShroederTM Retail, Wasmer SchroederTM Off Platform & Advisor Services, Schwab Advisor Network®, AdvisorDirect®, Schwab Intelligent Portfolios®, Schwab 
Personalized IndexingTM and Schwab Selective. May include flows into more than one product. 2. Schwab Investor Profile Study, 2021. 3. Represents WTP among affluent investors (>$250K in investible assets). Source: 
Cerulli, U.S. Retail Investor Advice Relationships 2023.  4. Revenue based on fee-based advice solution revenue yield. 5. As of April 30, 2024 and excludes Ameritrade HHs in the final May 2024 transition group.
By delivering industry-leading value to our clients, we attract 
and retain client assets while diversifying our revenue streams.
We continue to enhance the breadth of 
our wealth solutions while delivering 
high quality service and great value. 
Each 1% increase in Retail assets in advised solutions could drive 
~$125M - $200M in incremental annual revenue4
+$25.6B
+$33.0B
2022 2023
Managed Investing Net Flows1 Client Promotor Scores – 1Q24
80
Schwab Wealth 
AdvisoryTM
71
Schwab Advisor 
Network®
73
ThomasPartners®
83
Wasmer SchroederTM
5%
37%
64%
Schwab Retail 
HH Adoption
Schwab 
Retail WTP
Industry
 WTP
…and there is an opportunity to close the 
gap between advice adoption and 
willingness to pay.
Our clients continue to be very satisfied 
with our wealth management solutions,...
Wealth & advice offerings Lending capabilities Workplace businesses
2 35
--- page 31
Charles Schwab Corporation 31
Win-Win 
Monetization
Note: K = Thousand. B = Billion. Avg. = Average. Bps = Basis point. PAL® = Pledged asset line. HELOC = Home equity line of credit. NNA = Net new assets. HH = Household. 1. Includes net balances for first lien 
residential real estate mortgage loans, home equity lines of credit, and other CRA-related loans. 2. Represents client promotor score for clients with an active mortgage, HELOC, or PAL balance in 1Q24. 3. Measures the 
average household NNA recorded within 90 days after loan origination for mortgages and pledged asset lines with an origination date in 2023. 4. Represents bank loan balances as a percentage of total client assets as of 
March 31, 2024. 5. Represents blended average of bank loans as a percentage of total client assets for wealth segments of select peers as of March 31, 2024.
By delivering industry-leading value to our clients, we attract 
and retain client assets while diversifying our revenue streams.
Bank Loan Balances
2017 1Q24
Residential
Real Estate1
PAL®
+147%
Bank lending serves a key need for clients 
and our Investor Advantage Pricing has 
helped us more than double our loan book 
in just a few years.
…and there is a substantial opportunity 
to continue to serve more of them.
Wealth & advice offerings Lending capabilities Workplace businesses
0.4%
Schwab4
~3.5%
Industry Benchmark5
Bank Loans as a % of Total Client Assets
$160K+
72
Client Promotor Score
Lending Clients2
Avg. HH NNA Within 90 
Days After Origination3
Clients who utilize our lending products 
are highly satisfied and engaged,…
--- page 32
Charles Schwab Corporation 32
By delivering industry-leading value to our clients, we attract 
and retain client assets while diversifying our revenue streams.
Win-Win 
Monetization
 Wealth & advice offerings Lending capabilities
Workplace is positioned to deepen client 
relationships by leveraging Schwab’s 
scale, brand, and breadth of offering.
Workplace businesses
By introducing millions of participants to Schwab and providing exceptional client 
service, Workplace provides a pipeline of future growth.
of Workplace households 
utilize additional Schwab 
products and solutions1
~50%2 of eligible rollover 
retirement assets are 
retained
Stock Plan contributes 
~15%3 to Retail NNA
Note: NNA = Net new assets. 1. Across all Workplace plan participants as of April 30, 2024. 2. Represents trailing 12 months, as of April 30, 2024, for Reti rement Plan Services participants. 3. Represents 1Q24. 4. 
PLANSPONSOR award was given on February 15, 2024. The criteria, evaluation, and ranking were determined by PLANSPONSOR. See https://www.plansponsor.com/research/2023-best-class-dc-
providers/?pagesec=4#Methodology for more information.  A licensing fee has been paid to PLANSPONSOR for the use of the award logo, however Schwab did not pay any fees to be considered for the award.
Highest number of Best-in-Class 
PLANSPONSOR awards for 7 years 
in a row and ~2x more than next 
qualifying plan provider4
>20%

--- page 33
Charles Schwab Corporation 33
We strive to serve the specific needs of our clients by designing 
tailored solutions for distinct client groups.
Client 
Segmentation
Note: UHNW = Ultra High Net Worth. Avg. = Average. HH = Household. ROCA = Revenue on client assets. 1. Clients with $20M+ in assets custodied with Schwab  divided by total number of UHNW individuals in the 
U.S. defined by WealthX World Ultra Wealth Report 2023. 2. Statistics shown versus Retail households ex-Trader as of March 31, 2024. 3. Represents ROCA for 2023.
We craft differentiated experiences for key 
client segments.
Trading platformsEnhanced service models Specialized capabilities
5.0x
International
2.1x
International ROCA 
vs. Retail3
15%+
UHNW1 U.S. investors 
have a relationship 
with Schwab
Avg. Trader HH Assets 
vs. non-Trader2
--- page 34
Charles Schwab Corporation 34
We strive to serve the specific needs of our clients by designing 
tailored solutions for distinct client groups.
Client 
Segmentation
Note: UHNW = Ultra High Net Worth. Avg. = Average. HH = Household. ROCA = Revenue on client assets. Q = Quarter. M = Million. CPS = Client Promotor Score. HH = Households. 1. Clients with $20M+ in assets 
custodied with Schwab divided by total number of UHNW individuals in the U.S. defined by WealthX World Ultra Wealth Report 2023. 2. Statistics shown versus Retail households ex-Trader as of March 31, 2024. 
3. Represents ROCA for 2023. 4. For UHNW Retail clients in 1Q24. 
…and we are delivering new products and 
offerings to meet more of their financial 
needs. 
1Q24 CPS UHNW Clients4
76
Our specialized client services models 
are further strengthening UHNW client 
relationships,…
Alternative 
Investments for Retail
Stock Plan 
Experts
Differentiated Lending 
Experience & Pricing
Tax, Trust, & 
Estate Experts
Trading platformsEnhanced service models Specialized capabilities International
We craft differentiated experiences for key 
client segments.
1Q24 Average Speed to Answer4
~5 secs
5.0x
2.1x
International ROCA 
vs. Retail3
15%+
UHNW1 U.S. investors 
have a relationship 
with Schwab
Avg. Trader HH Assets 
vs. non-Trader2
--- page 35
Charles Schwab Corporation 35
We strive to serve the specific needs of our clients by designing 
tailored solutions for distinct client groups.
Client 
Segmentation
Note: UHNW = Ultra High Net Worth. Avg. = Average. HH = Household. ROCA = Revenue on client assets. HH = Households. Avg. = Average. NNA = Net New Assets. 1. Clients with $20M+ in assets custodied with 
Schwab divided by total number of UHNW individuals in the U.S. defined by WealthX World Ultra Wealth Report 2023. 2. Statistics shown versus retail HHs ex-trader are shown for the trailing-twelve months ending 
March 31, 2024. 3. Represents ROCA for 2023. 
Traders are a highly engaged client 
segment,…
7.8x
Avg. HH NNA2 
2.7x
ROCA2 
…and we aim to provide a trader experience 
that is unparalleled in our industry.
Extensive set of products 
and platforms
Wide array of education 
and content
Specialized trader service 
and relationships
Trading platformsEnhanced service models Specialized capabilities International
We craft differentiated experiences for key 
client segments.
2.1x
International ROCA 
vs. Retail3
15%+
UHNW1 U.S. investors 
have a relationship 
with Schwab
5.0x
Avg. Trader HH Assets 
vs. non-Trader2
--- page 36
Charles Schwab Corporation 36
We strive to serve the specific needs of our clients by designing 
tailored solutions for distinct client groups.
Client 
Segmentation
Note: UHNW = Ultra High Net Worth. Avg. = Average. HH = Household. ROCA = Revenue on client assets. 1. Clients with $20M+ in assets custodied with Schwab divided by total number of UHNW individuals in the 
U.S. defined by WealthX World Ultra Wealth Report 2023. 2. Statistics shown versus Retail HHs ex-trader are shown for the trailing-twelve months ending March 31, 2024. 3. Represents ROCA for 2023. 
Clients outside of the U.S. have access to the U.S. market and benefit from the 
best of what Schwab has to offer.
Trading platformsEnhanced service models Specialized capabilities International
$0 online listed trade 
commissions +
Satisfaction Guarantee
U.S.-based customer 
support from experienced, 
multilingual professionals
Investing education and 
guidance
Advanced trading 
platforms and tools
We craft differentiated experiences for key 
client segments.
2.1x
International ROCA 
vs. Retail3
15%+
UHNW1 U.S. investors 
have a relationship 
with Schwab
5.0x
Avg. Trader HH Assets 
vs. non-Trader2
--- page 37
Charles Schwab Corporation 37
Making it easier for our clients to do business with us is key to 
their long-term loyalty and willingness to refer others to Schwab.
Brilliant
Basics Digital client workflows Access when & where clients need it
We believe in delighting our clients 
with exceptional experiences across  
every interaction.
69
1Q242008 20182013 2023
Client Promotor Scores
Investor Services
Note: Client promoter scores represent scores for the fourth quarter of each year, unless otherwise stated.
--- page 38
Charles Schwab Corporation 38
Making it easier for our clients to do business with us is key to 
their long-term loyalty and willingness to refer others to Schwab.
Brilliant
Basics
Note: Mins = Minutes. 1. Represents Advisor Services accounts opened year-to-date through April 2024. 2. Year-to-date through April 2024 and represents median time for accounts opened through Schwab’s digital 
account onboarding process. 3. As of March 31, 2024. Easy Score represents a client’s real-time rating of how easy it was to complete a specific task or transaction with the firm. 
We believe in delighting our clients 
with exceptional experiences across 
every interaction.
Digital client workflows Access when & where clients need it
84
Easy Score3
Advisor Services 
Our enhanced Schwab Advisor Center trading experience makes it easier for 
advisors to interact with Schwab and their end clients.
We are investing to help advisor clients adapt to platform 
and experience changes.
65%
Accounts Opened 
Digitally1
~9 mins
Digital Account Open 
Processing Time2
69
20182008 2013 2023 1Q24
Client Promotor Scores
Investor Services
--- page 39
Charles Schwab Corporation 39
Making it easier for our clients to do business with us is key to 
their long-term loyalty and willingness to refer others to Schwab.
Brilliant
Basics
Note: Pts = points. Q = Quarter. K = Thousand. NLP = Natural language processing. SIA = Schwab Intelligent Assistant. 1. 2022 research and analysis conducted by 8 Acre Perspective, an independent marketing 
research firm. 
The Schwab Intelligent Assistant is a conversational NLP tool that minimizes client friction by 
connecting them with digital servicing tools directly within their channel of choice.
Increase in client SIA utilization
1Q23 vs.1Q24
+90%
Digital client workflows Access when & where clients need it
We believe in delighting our clients 
with exceptional experiences across 
every interaction.
69
2008 2013 20232018 1Q24
Client Promotor Scores
Investor Services
--- page 40
Annualized core NNA 
growth rate
Ameritrade share of 
wallet NNA opportunity
Wealth management and 
bank lending revenue 
opportunity
Our relentless focus on serving investors’ needs creates a clear 
path to continued long-term organic growth.
Charles Schwab Corporation 40
Note: NNA = Net new assets.

--- page 41
Joe Martinetto
Managing Director, Chief Operating Officer
Ameritrade Integration Review
41Charles Schwab Corporation
--- page 42
We recently completed our final conversion event and have 
now transitioned all Ameritrade clients to Schwab.
42
We transitioned the remaining ~10% of Ameritrade 
clients in our final May ‘24 transition group, marking 
the completion of the largest overall brokerage 
conversion in financial services history.
We are on-track to complete 
remaining integration-related work 
by the end of 2024.
Decommission remaining systems 
and data centers, and retire 
duplicative platforms (e.g., 
StreetSmart™) 
Realize remaining <20% of our 
$1.8B – $2.0B run-rate expense 
synergies goal2 
(via decommissioning, streamlining third-
party expenditures, team consolidations and 
efficiencies, etc.)
ASSETS
ACCOUNTS
DAILY AVERAGE 
TRADES1
Note: T = Trillion. M = Million. B = Billion. 1. Average for 6-month period leading up to conversion. 2. As of March 31, 2024.
$1.9T+
+46% since 
deal announcement
17M+
+42% since 
deal announcement 
3.7M+
+243% since 
deal announcement 
Charles Schwab Corporation
--- page 43
We made significant investments in Schwab’s capabilities to 
support integration and fuel long-term growth.
The investments we made in Schwab’s capabilities 
created a relatively smooth conversion experience for 
clients, and has set us up for longer-term success. 
43
Integration of industry-leading trading platforms such as 
thinkorswim®, iRebal®, and Thinkpipes®
New trading experiences on Schwab web and mobile, such 
as SnapTicket®, redesigned Watchlists
Improvements to account servicing capabilities for easier 
and quicker account maintenance, money transfers and 
payments, etc. 
Greater levels of scale and resiliency throughout our 
technology to support continued growth 
Converted clients are benefiting 
from these capabilities and actively 
engaging with Schwab.
Client attrition is trending below 
initial projections
CPS improved ~30 points in the 
first two quarters post-transition
~25%1 of thinkorswim® users are 
legacy Schwab clients
Note: CPS = Client Promoter Score. 1. Legacy Schwab client users as of April 21, 2024. Charles Schwab Corporation
--- page 44
Bernie Clark
Managing Director, Head of Advisor Services
Advisor Services
44Charles Schwab Corporation
--- page 45
Advisor Services is committed to the RIA industry and its 
continued success and evolution. 
45
Our pledge to RIAs is resonating.
The industry is evolving.
We are uniquely positioned to address 
that evolution.
We continue to invest in our platform 
and services to support independent 
advisors of all sizes. 
Charles Schwab CorporationNote: RIA = Registered Investment Advisor.  
--- page 46
Our pledge to the independent advisor community is our 
commitment to every client we serve.
46
 Industry-leading custody services, with no AUM minimums, 
no custody fees – and no intention to implement them
 Best-in-class technology and open architecture, including a 
rapidly growing network of third-party providers
 The best and brightest service professionals in the industry
 In-depth practice management consulting and insights for 
every firm on our platform
 An account opening process that is digital and streamlined
Charles Schwab CorporationNote: AUM = Assets under management. 
--- page 47
47
of Schwab’s total 
revenue 1Q24 
of Schwab’s total assets 
under custody1
Advisor Services is in a position of strength and remains a 
driving force for Schwab. 
in Core Net New Assets YTD1
$53B 
in Client Assets1 
$4.3T 
Advisory Firms1
15K+
47%
23%
Charles Schwab CorporationNote: Q = Quarter. T = Trillion. B = Billion. K = Thousand. YTD = Year-to-date. Core Net New Assets excludes significant one-time flows such as acquisitions or extraordinary flows relating to a specific client (generally greater 
than $10B). 1. Data as of March 31, 2024.
--- page 48
Since conversion, service performance continues to improve.
48
419 service professionals hired
40,000+ hours of training
Conversion 
Preparation
Post-Conversion 
Client Sentiment
Client Experience 
Focus
Service 
Experience 
Scores1
Brilliant Basics 
Service & Operations, Policy & Procedures, and Digital Enhancements
46 listening posts to capture client feedback
4,300+ pieces of client feedback received3
84% EASY score2 (ease of doing business with Schwab)
84% Overall satisfaction (OSAT)
Charles Schwab CorporationNote: 1. Data as of March 31, 2024. 2. Easy Score represents a client’s real-time rating of how easy it was to complete a specific task or transaction with the firm. 3. Feedback received post-conversion in 2023.  
--- page 49
RIAs are the fastest growing category in U.S. wealth 
management, with significant room for continued growth.
49
With $4T+ in assets, Schwab continues to be a leader with RIAs, which currently 
comprises 1/3 of advisor channel assets. 
Independent B/Ds
National & Regional B/Ds
Wirehouses
RIAs2
Other B/Ds1
2018
2022
~10% ~12%
U.S. Retail Advised Market Assets5 
2026E3
Charles Schwab Corporation
Schwab Market Share
Total Market $19.5T $26.9T $32.9T
+12%
+6%
+10%
+7%
+7%4
With RIA channel assets 
expected to potentially 
exceed Wirehouse 
channel assets by 2026, 
Schwab remains well-
positioned to continue 
to capture a growing 
share of the RIA channel 
over time.
Note: RIA = Registered Investment Advisor. U.S. = United States. E = Estimated. T = Trillion. B/D = Broker Dealers. 1. Other broker/dealers (B/Ds) includes Retail B/Ds and Insurance B/Ds. 2. Represents both hybrid & 
independent. 3. 2026E considers Advisor movement and conservative market growth but will be impacted greatly by valuations of portfolio investments. 4. Percentages represent growth rates for each channel from 2018 to 
2022. 5. Source: Cerulli & Associates Historical and Projected Assets by Advisor Channel, 2023.
--- page 50
Five key trends are influencing the RIA industry.
50
Differentiating
RIAs seek to differentiate 
through customized & 
personalized experiences
Joining vs Starting
RIAs are increasingly 
joining vs starting an 
independent RIA
Blurring the Lines
The lines between advisor 
channels & among 
intermediaries are blurring
RIAs are expanding 
upmarket with value-
added services
Expanding Upmarket Outsourcing
RIAs are increasingly 
outsourcing & streamlining 
their operations
Charles Schwab CorporationNote: RIA = Registered Investment Advisor. 
--- page 51
RIAs are increasingly joining vs starting an independent RIA.
51
Differentiating
RIAs seek to differentiate 
through customized & 
personalized experiences
Joining vs Starting
RIAs are increasingly 
joining vs starting an 
independent RIA
Blurring the Lines
The lines between advisor 
channels & among 
intermediaries are blurring
RIAs are expanding 
upmarket with value-
added services
Expanding Upmarket
 Outsourcing
RIAs are increasingly 
outsourcing & streamlining 
their operations
Charles Schwab CorporationNote: RIA = Registered Investment Advisor. 
--- page 52
Source of Advisors in Transition (# of AIT deals)
54%
40%
50% 56%
65% 63%
29%
45% 33%
30%
22% 24%
10% 7% 8%
9% 7% 7%
7% 7% 9% 5% 6% 6%
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
Other
Regional
Broker Dealer
Wirehouse
Independent
Broker-Dealer
230 301 392231 357
We continue to see an increase in the percentage of 
assets coming from join deals. 
AIT Deals: Joins vs. Starts (% of est. SSO $)
14%
25% 27%
35% 40% 44%
86%
75% 73%
65% 60% 56%
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
Starts
Joins
317
52Charles Schwab CorporationNote: AIT = Advisors in transition. Est. = Estimated. SSO = Single sales opportunity. Percentages may not add up to 100% due to rounding. Other includes Banks, Institutional Broker-Dealers, Trusts, and Insurance.
--- page 53
Traditionally, the independent model was straightforward; 
advisors sought independence by creating or joining an RIA.
53
End-Clients
RIA
Advisor
Historically, advisors entered the RIA channel 
by moving across the spectrum,…
…and the RIA custody model was simpler with the RIA, 
advisor, and custodian serving the end-client. 
Charles Schwab Corporation
CustodianWirehouse + 
Bank
Broker-
Dealer
(Independent
/ Regional)
New or 
Existing RIA
Employee Advisors Independent Advisor
Note: RIA = Registered Investment Advisor. 
--- page 54
More recently, RIAs are growing increasingly complex as 
providers enter the industry offering new paths to independence.
54Charles Schwab Corporation
End-Clients
RIA
Advisor
Custodian
IBDs
TAMPs
Wealth 
Tech
Holding 
Companies
Private 
Equity
Corp 
RIAs
RIA 
Network
The RIA model is much more complex now, 
with new entrants and evolving providers. 
Note: RIA = Registered Investment Advisor. IBD = Independent broker-dealers. TAMP = Turnkey asset management programs. Corp = Corporate. 
--- page 55
Our 2024 focus is to continue to make it easier for advisors 
to operate their businesses and navigate the industry.
55
Digital Channel 
Simplification 
Enhance Trading and 
Data Delivery Platforms
Scale & Efficiency Brilliant Basics
Enhance Client-Facing 
Employee Experiences
Enhance and Evolve Digital 
Client Platforms
Charles Schwab Corporation
--- page 56
Helping independent advisors of all sizes grow, compete, 
and succeed is our why.
Charles Schwab Corporation 56

--- page 57
Jonathan Craig
Managing Director, Head of Investor Services and Marketing
Retail Investor
57Charles Schwab Corporation
--- page 58
58
Offering an extensive set of capabilities to all our clients
Investor education 
and insights
Great value and 
relationship pricing
Omni-channel
service and live 
advisor relationships
Trading platforms 
and solutions
Advisory and wealth 
management 
solutions 
Banking
solutions
New Investor TraderMass Affluent
 No account fees / minimums
 Schwab Stock Slices™
 Schwab Starter Kit™
 Personalized investment 
management solutions, e.g., 
Schwab Investing Themes™ , 
Schwab Personalized Indexing™
 Award winning trading platforms
 Trading specialists / education
High Net Worth
 Wealth management solutions
 Specialists, e.g., tax, trust, estate
Complemented by segmented solutions for each
Select examples
Note: M = Million. B = Billion. T = Trillion. 1. As of March 31, 2024. 2. Retail assets receiving ongoing advisory services.
$4.1T in Client Assets    |    25M+ Active Brokerage Accounts |    $601B in Managed Investing Assets2 |    4.6M Daily Average Trades
Schwab Retail at a glance1
By seeing “Through Clients’ Eyes”, Retail has achieved 
significant size while serving a broad set of clients,…
Charles Schwab Corporation
--- page 59
59
Despite a mixed macro environment,… …Retail continued to deliver strong results.
New-to-Firm Retail 
Households
MI Net Flows
Schwab CPS4
DATs
Characterized by fluctuating investor confidence,…
…VIX ® at sustained lows2,…
…and overhang of the regional banking crisis.
10
20
30
40
VIX®
Oct’22 Dec’23
50%
40%
60%
Q3’23Q1’23Q4’22 Q4’23Q2’23
% of investors citing it
is a good time to invest1
…and continues to deliver strong results in key areas.
FY 2023 Q1 2024
$27.7B $12.4B
66 69
977K 275K
4.1M 4.6M
$
Core NNA3 $99.2B $34.9B
Charles Schwab Corporation
Note: FY = Full year. Q = Quarter. MI = Managed Investing. B = Billions. K = Thousands. CPS = Client Promoter Score. M = Millions. DATs = Daily average trades. NNA = Net new assets. Core net new assets = net new assets before significant one-time 
flows, such as acquisitions/divestitures or extraordinary flows (generally greater than $10 billion) relating to a specific client. These flows may span multiple reporting periods. 1. Schwab Retail Client Sentiment Report. 2. Chicago Board Options Exchange 
(CBOE) Volatility Index. 3. Net new assets before significant one-time inflows or outflows, such as acquisitions/divestitures or extraordinary flows (generally greater than $10 billion) relating to a specific client, and activity from off-platform Schwab Bank 
Retail CDs. 4. 2023 figure shows Q4 2023 Retail CPS.
--- page 60
60
 Launched Schwab Private Wealth Services™  (SPWS)1 
and Schwab Private Client Services™  (SPCS)2 experiences
 Stood up the Senior Lending Team, supporting SPWS
 Offered Stock Plan Services to 18 additional countries
 Extended Trader Private Client Services
 Initiated new digital Pledged Asset Line® (PAL) experience
 Updated to modern cloud-based telephony platform
 Delivered new advice documentation digital workflow
 Digitized branch forms through DocuSign®
 Enhanced Schwab Wealth Advisory™
 Rolled out updates to Schwab Personalized Indexing™
 Expanded access to specialists for Tax, Trust, and Estate
 Introduced Schwab Investing Themes™
 Rolled out thinkorswim® (TOS) to Schwab
 Launched Schwab Trading Powered by Ameritrade™
 Released streaming, SnapTicket®, and more
 Created segmented Trader experience across platforms
Note: HHs = Households. 1. For $10M+ HHs. 2. For $1- 10M HHs. Source: Company Reports.
WEALTH SOLUTIONS TRADING
CLIENT EXPERIENCE PLATFORMS
We have further enhanced our Retail offer,… 
Charles Schwab Corporation
--- page 61
61
Rated a Best
Online Broker
Note: DIY = Do-it-yourself. 1. The Third-party accolade was given on January 25, 2024, and is for a 15-month timeframe. The criteria, evaluation, and ranking were determined by Investor’s Business Daily in conjunction with 
its research partner, TechnoMetrica Market Intelligence. https://www.investors.com/best-online-brokers-2024/ Schwab paid a licensing fee to York Graphic Services, LLC. for use of the award and logos. 2. TD Ameritrade, 
Inc. ("Ameritrade") Member SIPC, a subsidiary of The Charles Schwab Corporation (“Charles Schwab”), received the highest score in the do-it-yourself segment of the J.D. Power 2024 U.S. Self-Directed Investor Satisfaction 
Study of investors’ satisfaction with self-directed investment firms. It is independently conducted, and the participating firms do not pay to participate. Use of study results in promotional materials is subject to a license fee. 
Visit jdpower.com/awards for more details. 3. Forbes Best Customer Service 2024 was given on November 16, 2023, and expires January 2, 2025, The criteria, evaluation, and ranking were determined by Forbes partnered 
with HundredX. See https://www.forbes.com/sites/rachelpeachman/2023/11/09/best-brands-for-customer-service-2024-methodology/ for more information. Schwab paid a licensing fee to Forbes for use of the award 
and logos. 4. U.S. News & World Report’s Best Investing Platforms award was given on April 8, 2024 and is for 2024-2025. The criteria, evaluation, and ranking were determined by U.S News & World Report. See 
https://money.usnews.com/investing/best-brokers/methodology for more information. Schwab paid a licensing fee to U.S News & World Report for use of the award and logos. 
…which continues to be recognized as industry -leading.
Named Best 
Customer Service
Awarded by Investor’s Business Daily1 Awarded by Forbes3
Named Best Investing 
Platform Overall
Awarded by U.S. News4
Ameritrade, now part
of Charles Schwab,
ranked #1 for Satisfaction 
among DIY Investors
Awarded by J.D. Power2
Charles Schwab Corporation

--- page 62
62
We converted all Ameritrade clients,…
! < 55
Complaints per million 
accounts transitioned2,4
~1 minute
Average speed to answer2,3 
on phone and chat
~$1 trillion
Retail assets1
~13 million
Retail accounts1
Note: B = Billion. DATs = Daily average trades. TG = Transition Group. TOS = thinkorswim®. MI = Managed Investing. FC = Financial Consultant. 1. As of May 10, 2024. 2. Metrics reflect data from Ameritrade account 
conversions only. 3. Data from conversion day 1 across all transition groups adjusted for phone VCB (virtual call-back), excluding May 2024. 4. Considers written complaints processed by the Client Advocacy Team after the 
first four weeks of transition across all groups, excluding May 2024. 5. From February 2023 through April 2024. 6. As of February 12, 2024; 7. Trading data through April 5, 2024. 8. Full -year 2023. 9. As of March 31, 2024.
The Ameritrade conversion is now complete and we are 
seeing strong engagement from transitioned clients.
…who are demonstrating early adoption of Schwab’s offerings.
97% of Ameritrade FCs have 
enrolled a client in an MI solution9
~$60B inflows since conversion5
~$17B+ inflows in Schwab MI 
investments in ‘238
~99% of assets assigned to a 
FC retained6
$
Bringing assets Retaining assets
Adopting MI at a fast pace
22% increase in DATs post-conversion for Nov. TG, which included the first 
group of TOS users7
Trading at levels that exceed pre-conversion average
Charles Schwab Corporation
--- page 63
Looking forward, our priorities are grounded in key 
client and industry trends,...
63
Convergence
is Here
Competitors’ capabilities 
are converging
Demand
for Ease
Client expectations 
around ease are 
accelerating 
Bull Market
for Advice
Clients are increasingly 
seeking wealth and 
investment support
Personalization and 
Customization
Clients expect 
experiences tailored to 
their needs
Charles Schwab Corporation
--- page 64
…that shape our approach for 2024 and beyond.
64
Drive growth
with multi-lever 
acquisition model
Deliver a differentiated 
segment experience
Deepen client relationships 
with advice and enhanced 
bank lending
Build easy and intuitive 
experiences for our 
clients and reps
Charles Schwab Corporation
--- page 65
We are positioned to drive strong asset and new 
household growth,…
65
Our multi-lever acquisition model is a key driver of our client and asset growth 
Referrals 
Deliver an exceptional client 
experience that results in 
recommendations from 
our clients
Workplace
Engaging corporate 
participants to take the next 
action and serve as feeder 
to Retail 
Personal 
Relationships
Live channels optimized to 
engage high-value clients 
and drive transition
Efficient marketing deployed 
against clear design targets
Marketing 
And most importantly, we will continue to delight clients everyday by focusing on the “brilliant 
basics” to drive retention, consolidation, referrals, and NNA across a range of environments.
Drive growth with multi-lever acquisition model
Charles Schwab Corporation
Note: NNA = Net new assets.
--- page 66
…emphasize the importance of client segmentation,…
66
U/HNW represents a majority of Retail assets Trader segment is a growing revenue driver
Advertise Schwab Trading Activity IndexTM which 
delivers behavior insights
Introduce user interface and functional 
enhancements across TOS
Continue investing in our Schwab Trading Powered 
by AmeritradeTM ecosystem
Promote newly added futures and forex 
trading capabilities
Deliver a differentiated segment experience
10% 19%5 YR asset 
CAGR 10%
29%
100%46%
25%
<$1M $1M-$10M $10M+ Total Retail
Schwab Private Client 
Services™  ($1M-$10M) 
Schwab Private 
Wealth Services™  ($10M+)
Enhance operational experience
Introduce new products like alternative investments
Expand premium banking and mortgage options
Add family benefits
Schwab Retail assets only, split by wealth tier1
Note: YR = Year. EOY = End-of-year. M = Millions. U/HNW = Ultra-high net worth / High net worth. CAGR = Compound Annual Growth Rate. IS = Investor Services. TOS = Thinkorswim®. Forex = Foreign exchange. 1. EOY 
2023. Excludes integration assets. 2. EOY 2023. Includes IS trading revenue and IS margin revenue. 3. EOY 2023. Includes Net Interest Income (net of margin revenue), Asset Management and Admin Fees, Bank Deposit 
Account fees, and Other Revenue. 4. Includes Ameritrade; Source: Company reports.
90% 74%
26%
All other
IS Revenue3
20234
10% IS trading
related revenue
2
2019
Schwab revenue, split by trading-related2 vs other3
Select initiatives Select initiatives
Charles Schwab Corporation
--- page 67
…deepen client relationships by meeting client needs 
for advice and enhanced bank lending,…
Roll out the new Retail Alternative Investment platform
Continue making clients aware of the range of offerings 
available to them, such as Schwab Personalized 
Indexing™, Thematic Investing, Wasmer Schroeder™ , 
and more
Launch premier mortgage experience for Schwab Private 
Wealth Services™  clients
Promote Investor Advantage pricing for PAL® 
Launch a discretionary Schwab Wealth Advisory™  offer
Wealth & Investment Solutions Bank Lending
Note: MI = Managed Investing. pp = percentage point. ROCA = Revenue on Client Assets. CAGR = Compound Annual Growth Rate. HELOC = Home Equity Line of Credit. PAL = Pledged Asset Line®. HH = Household. K = 
Thousands. EOY = End-of-year. 1. U.S. retail investors’ willingness to pay for advice from 2010 to 2023, by Phoenix Marketing International and Cerulli Associates. 2. Considers Schwab portfolio of proprietary and third-
party advice solutions. 3. EOY 2023. HH attrition = Attrited HHs divided by total number of active HHs. Attrited HHs defined as HHs whose balance at the end of a month is below 12-month high by at least 90%, excludes 
HHs with <1 year tenure and <$5K balance. Metric calculates percent difference between MI Attrition Rate and IS Retail Attrition Rate. Excludes Ameritrade. 4. EOY 2023. Excludes Ameritrade Retail and Ameritrade MI 
offers, as well as Schwab SIP/P. 5. Investor Services Loan Balances across Schwab bank lending products. Source: Phoenix Marketing International, Cerulli.
Leverage newly launched PAL® experience via latest end-
to-end technology and new incentives
Deepen client relationships with advice and enhanced bank lending
1.8X>25pp
Increase in willingness to 
pay over past ~15 years1
>35%
Less with MI2 vs. 
Retail Attrition3
Lower Client 
Attrition
Higher
ROCA
Significant 
Opportunity
2019 2023
PAL®
Mortgage
+ HELOCs
28%
17%
CAGR
Greater with MI2 vs. 
non-MI ROCA4
Select initiatives Select initiatives
PAL® and Mortgage + HELOC balances, 2019 and 20235
67Charles Schwab Corporation
--- page 68
…and deliver easy and intuitive experiences for our 
clients and reps.
68
We will enrich our clients’ digital experience,… …and enhance internal capabilities to drive scale.
 Navigation improvements
 New dashboard developments
 Enhanced trading, watchlist, and charting
 Improvements in gain / loss views
 Additional customization options
Mobile 
Enhancements
 Portfolio and account performance
 Comparison to indices and benchmarks
 Data-driven view of asset allocation
 Graphical view of portfolio risk vs return
New 
Performance 
Reporting
Expand rollout to deploy Managed 
Investing and complex branch forms
DocuSign® 
rollout
Achieving 
Sustainable 
Advice Program
Complete streamlining of advice 
documentation workflow
Gen AI-enabled 
Assistants
Roll out Schwab Knowledge Assistant 
and invest in new use cases
Build easy and intuitive experiences for our clients and reps
Charles Schwab Corporation
Note: Gen AI = Generative Artificial Intelligence.
--- page 69
69
Scale player,… 
25M+ Accounts1 $4.1T Assets1
…serving investors and traders of all needs, sizes, and investing styles,… 
…anchored in our no -tradeoffs approach to investing.
Best of people AND technology
Great service AND great pricing
Deep investing AND trading capabilities
Best of proprietary AND third-party
Note: M = Million. T = Trillion. U.S. = United States. EOY = End-of-year. 1. Metrics represent Schwab and Ameritrade combined as of Q1 2024. 2. 2018-2023 compound annual growth rate of total U.S. Investable Assets 
from Federal Reserve Financial Accounts Report as of 2023 Q3. 3. Internal estimate using total U.S. Investable Assets from Federal Reserve Financial Accounts Report as of 2023 Q3. 4. Schwab and Ameritrade share of 
wallet. Investible assets are based on July 2023 IXI data, for funded households only across transitioned Ameritrade and Schwab clients. 5. % of Schwab and Ameritrade Retail assets enrolled in Managed Investing 
solutions as of EOY 2023. 6. Estimated as Schwab and Ameritrade households with loans and / or deposits accounts as a percentage of total Retail households as of EOY 2023; Source: Federal Reserve, IXI.
Schwab is well positioned as a Retail leader,…
Backed by our Satisfaction Guarantee
Small share of Retail market3Growing Retail market2
~5%>10%
Share of 
Wallet4 (%)
Advice Asset 
Penetration5  (%)
Banking HHs 
Penetration6  (%)
Schwab
…and a lot of internal opportunity to grow as well
…with significant opportunity ahead. 
Investor education 
and insights
Trading platforms and 
solutions
Advisory and wealth 
management solutions 
Banking
solutions
In summary, the Retail business remains incredibly 
well-positioned with significant opportunity for growth.
Schwab Schwab
Charles Schwab Corporation
--- page 70
James Kostulias
Managing Director, Head of Trading Services
Trader
70Charles Schwab Corporation
--- page 71
We are investing in our offering for Schwab’s diverse, growing, 
and highly-engaged trader client base,…
71
Our broad spectrum of 
traders…
..has expanded over recent 
years…
…and drives a meaningful 
share of Retail results.1
A client and prospect base 
with wide-ranging experience:
Aspiring traders
Beginning
Experienced
Advanced
Acquisition of 
Ameritrade’s client base
Influx of new traders over 
2020-2021
Growth in derivatives 
trading
7.8x
Avg. HH NNA
5.0x
Avg. HH assets
2.7x
ROCA
Charles Schwab Corporation
Note: HH = Household. NNA = Net new assets. ROCA = Revenue on client assets. 1. Statistics shown versus Retail households ex-Trader as of March 31, 2024; NNA and revenue figures include the 12 months ending 
March 31, 2024.  
--- page 72
…supported by our Schwab Trading Powered by Ameritrade TM 
offering.
72
An extensive set of 
trading products 
and platforms 
Education and 
content for clients 
of all skill levels
Specialized trader 
service and 
relationships
A focus on risk management in collaboration with clients, 
providing them with tools, education, and support teams
Charles Schwab Corporation

--- page 73
Our suite of thinkorswim® platforms offer traders a best-in-
class set of tools, experiences, and resources.
73
A full suite of platforms
Available on Desktop, Mobile, and Web
Powerful tools
News, research, analysis, and risk management tools, 
with hundreds of built-in strategies and studies – plus 
the ability to create your own
Intuitive interfaces
A cohesive experience across all three platforms, with 
fast, reliable, and customizable interfaces to suit 
traders of all experience levels
220K+
legacy Schwab households have used 
thinkorswim since October 2023 launch
40%+
of new-to-firm Retail households initiated 
thinkorswim® access1
Constant innovation
Expanding and improving thinkorswim’s® performance 
and capabilities for our clients
Charles Schwab Corporation
Rated a Best Online Broker for 2024, ranked Top Four for 
Equity Trading Platform, Options Trading Platform, Mobile 
Platforms/Apps, and Research Tools2
Note: K = Thousand. 1. Represents new-to-firm households in 1Q24. 2. The Third-party accolade was given on January 25, 2024, and is for a 15-month timeframe. The criteria, evaluation, and ranking were 
determined by Investor’s Business Daily in conjunction with its research partner, TechnoMetrica Market Intelligence. https://www.investors.com/best-online-brokers-2024/ Schwab paid a licensing fee to York Graphic 
Services, LLC. for use of the award and logos. 
--- page 74
We enhanced our education and news, helping investors and 
traders of all experience levels reach their goals.
74
An extensive self-service digital experience (web, mobile and desktop) 
with courses, articles, podcasts, videos, learning paths, and more
Live and on-demand Schwab Coaching™  webcasts offering over-the-
shoulder instruction about products, platforms, strategies, and risk 
management using thinkorswim® paperMoney® virtual trading
In-person events providing traders with engaging learning and 
networking opportunities in major client hubs across the U.S.
Schwab Network offering 
investors and traders real-
time financial and market 
news live throughout the 
Trading day
Education and Coaching Market News and 
Perspective
Charles Schwab Corporation
--- page 75
Relationships available with 
Trader Financial Consultants, 
providing high-level 
investment expertise and 
capabilities for HNW traders
One-on-one platform and 
trading strategy consultations 
with Trading Solutions teams, 
helping clients make the most 
of our tools and resources
Expert support from 
dedicated and experienced 
Trader Service teams through 
multiple channels (phone, 
chat, email, in-platform chat)
Trading support available 
24/7
We offer dedicated support and relationships just for 
traders.
75
Charles Schwab Corporation
Note: HNW = High net worth.   
--- page 76
Looking ahead, we see opportunities to grow relationships with 
new and existing trader clients.
76
Further investment in 
trading platforms
thinkorswim® Guest Pass
Continued education 
experience enhancements
thinkorswim® platforms
New products, including 
Forex
Education content, events, 
and resources like 
paperMoney®
Wealth and advice, 
including tax, education, 
and estate planning
Banking and lending 
capabilities
Introduce legacy Schwab 
clients to the combined 
trading offer
Deepen relationships with 
legacy Ameritrade trader 
clients
Acquire and retain 
relationships with traders 
of all experience levels
Charles Schwab Corporation
--- page 77
Lisa Hunt
Managing Director, Head of International Services
International Services
77Charles Schwab Corporation
--- page 78
Our International Services business delivers the best of what 
Schwab has to offer to investors globally.
78
Our global capabilities allow us to proactively engage with and provide non-U.S. 
resident clients the opportunity to diversify their portfolios in the U.S. capital markets. 
In-Market 
Presence 
Charles Schwab Corporation
Note: U.S. = United States.
--- page 79
Schwab’s “no trade-offs” approach has resonated with our clients. 
79
70% are self-directed investors
53% have over half their investments 
outside of their country of residence
86% range from somewhat to highly 
experienced investors
25% of client assets are Active Traders
New Accounts 
4-year CAGR
2.1x 
ROCA1 vs. Retail
80%+ consider Schwab their primary 
U.S. broker dealer
Assets
Charles Schwab Corporation
Note: U.S. = United States. CAGR = Compound annual growth rate. NTF = New-to-firm. NNA = Net new assets. ROCA = Revenue on client assets. 1. ROCA shown for 2023.   
…that will continue to contribute to growth.International is a scale business that attracts a 
highly-engaged set of clients…
+13%
+9%

--- page 80
We are well-positioned to extend our value proposition across the 
globe.
80
• Proactive prospect and client outreach in 
targeted countries that leverages domestic 
Retail’s capabilities
• Matching investors needs with the best of 
Schwab’s products and services
• Delivering best in class service, relationship 
management and education in multiple 
languages
Charles Schwab Corporation
Note: U.S. = United States. T = Trillion. 1. Source: 2023 BCG Wealth report and Federal Flow of Funds data as of 2022.
…we have an opportunity to capitalize on increased 
demand for access to U.S. capital markets.By focusing on our strategy,...
• The U.S. market is mature and readily 
available, offering clients transparency, 
liquidity, and diversification
• $300T+ (~70%) of global wealth exists outside 
of U.S. and continues to grow
1
• The internet and social media market 
investing in the U.S., prompting investors to 
actively seek out a platform
• Globally, there is a shift towards investors 
taking responsibility for personal investing
--- page 81
Client SegmentationWin–Win MonetizationScale and Efficiency
Our products and services meet client needs and align with the 
strategic priorities of the company. 
81
Extension of domestic 
marketing campaigns
Schwab Trading 
Powered by 
Ameritrade™  
Best-in-class service 24 
hours per day / 5 days a 
week
Differentiated 
experience for UHNW / 
HNW and Trader clients
Local websites for Hong 
Kong, Singapore, and 
the United Kingdom 
Charles Schwab Corporation
Note: UHNW = Ultra-high net worth. HNW = High Net Worth. Not all products and services available in all countries.
Digital content and 
education in multiple 
languages 
Digital first client 
experience
Scalable product and 
service framework 
Brilliant Basics
Enhanced service tools 
for professionals
Managed Investing

--- page 82
 Expansion of Managed 
Investing with the roll out of 
SAN® and MAS® to 53 
countries and SWATM to Hong 
Kong
 Margin permissibility 
 Thematic Investing
 Rollout of thinkorswim® to 
Schwab
 Options
 Futures
 Forex
 Live education sessions in local 
languages 
 Expanded translation 
capabilities
 Schwab Intelligent Assistant 
 Deeper relationship models
82
PRODUCTS TRADING CLIENT EXPERIENCE
Looking beyond 2024, we aim to continue to improve the client 
experience to support the growth of the company. 
Charles Schwab Corporation
Note: Forex = Foreign exchange. SAN = Schwab Advisor Network®. MAS = Managed Account Services®. SWA = Schwab Wealth Advisory™ . Not all products and services available in all countries.
 
--- page 83
Stacy Hammond
Managing Director, Chief Marketing Officer
Client Acquisition and Marketing
83Charles Schwab Corporation
--- page 84
Marketing is a strong contributor to our growth across business lines 
and remains central to our continued success. 
Charles Schwab Corporation 84
Drive organic growth
 
We connect with audiences and 
communicate our value through a 
range of channels,…  
We will continue to support 
growth, increase engagement, 
and drive efficiency by focusing 
on our priorities:
Paid: Advertising + Media + Promotions + 
Sponsorships 
Owned: Schwab.com + Mobile + Email + 
Magazine + Organic Search
Earned: Public Relations + Social Media + 
Reviews + Industry Accolades
…while leveraging deep client 
insights and clear design targets to 
maximize marketing impact. 
Advisor 
Services 
Workplace 
Financial Services
Retail 
Engage, deepen, and 
retain relationships
Continue to drive 
efficiencies
Further strengthen the 
Schwab brand
--- page 85
We use a multi-lever and diversified strategy for retail growth.  
Charles Schwab Corporation 85
Each lever plays a unique and complementary role in our strategy.
Efficient marketing deployed against clear 
design targets
 
Live channels optimized to engage high-value 
clients and drive conversion
Engaging workplace participants to take the 
next action and engage with Retail
 
Deliver an exceptional client experience that 
results in referrals
Consistently delivers ~40% of new 
clients1
Average funding via Branches 7X higher 
compared to online2
5.3 million participant accounts3
(+8% YoY)
Multiple industry accolades – for 
our client experience
Note: YoY = Year-over-year. New Clients = New-to-Firm Retail Households. 1. Q1-3 ’23 Marketing Mix Optimization Model. 2. Full year 2023, based on Schwab Blue New to Firm DTC Retail account open channel. 
3. As of April 30, 2024. 
--- page 86
A strong value proposition paired with an efficient marketing engine 
allows us to deliver synergies without compromising outcomes.
Charles Schwab Corporation 86
Note: M = Millions. YoY = Year-over-year. NTF = New-to-Firm. New Clients = New-to-Firm Retail Households. CAGR = Compound Annual Growth Rate 1. 2019-2023 (Q3) Return on ad spend report. 
2. Full year 2023, Schwab Blue Modeled Affluent NTF Retail Household volume. 3. Partial Year - Combined Firm NTF Retail Funded Trader Segment Household volume. 4. Full year 2023, based on New-to-Firm Retail 
Households. 5. 2022-2023 YoY Retail marketing client visits to the Schwab.com channel. 6. Insights and Education dashboard (May 2023 compared to April 2024 YoY). 7. 2022-2023 YoY client traffics to Advice Solutions pages. 
Since the acquisition, we have 
achieved significant marketing 
expense synergies and continued 
to attract new investors.
We continue to attract a strong new client profile and deepen relationships 
with existing clients.
+14% YoY 
Increase in NTF 
Affluent clients
Reduced marketing expenditure to 
achieve synergy 
Combining the strength of both 
companies fuels growth by 
connecting investors with 
innovative tools, education, and 
resources they need.
thinkorswimTM 
platforms to support 
best in class trading 
Access to a wide 
range of investment 
products, 
including 
self directed and 
managed investing
An expanding library 
of education
New Affluent 
Clients2
New Active 
Traders
3 
New Younger 
Investors4
~60% 
of NTF Retail 
Households are 
<40 years old
+108% YoY
Increase in NTF 
Trader clients
Insights & 
Education6
+94% YoY 
Increase in client and 
prospect engagement 
with education
Advice
Solutions
7 
Schwab.com5
+60% YoY 
Increase in client page 
visits to Advice 
Solutions 
+29% YoY 
Increase in client visits 
to Schwab.com 
New Client
 Profile
Existing Client 
Engagement
Increasing ad spend efficiency1: 
+10.7% four-year CAGR
--- page 87
We measure to improve outcomes and drive efficiency. 
Charles Schwab Corporation 87
Multi-touch Attribution Marketing Mix Optimization Data Driven Targeting
A model that optimizes marketing 
spend and return-on-investment 
across a range of touchpoints 
including marketing, digital and live 
channel experiences
Econometric model that predicts 
the impact of marketing and non-
marketing factors on key business 
outcomes 
 Informs which tactics are 
associated with high account 
funding
 Provides visibility into both 
prospect and client asset 
outcomes 
 Provides guidance on how to 
optimize our marketing spend 
across paid channels
 Informs the impact changes in  
media spend
Statistical models and machine 
learning used to evaluate 
individual clients and households 
to identify what solutions best 
meet their needs 
 Constantly improves delivering 
the right message to the right 
client at the right time
 Improves business decisions 
through deeper understanding of 
important client attributes and 
behaviors 

--- page 88
We use deep client insight to deliver industry-leading creative.
Charles Schwab Corporation 88
Schwab Trading Powered 
by AmeritradeTM Schwab Investing ThemesTM Schwab’s Podcasts 
 Break-through creative 
launched our best-in-class 
offer for Active Trader clients 
and prospects 
 Bold and engaging creative in 
high profile and unexpected 
media speaks to prospects 
and clients about investing in 
what they believe in
 Bring clients engaging stories, 
news, and insights to help them 
make informed decisions about 
their wealth and finances
On Investing
Fresh insights on what's 
happening and why
Choiceology
True stories and the 
latest research
WashingtonWise  
Non-partisan eye on 
news and policies

--- page 89
We innovate to connect with investors in new ways.
Charles Schwab Corporation 89
Charles Schwab Challenge IMPACT
Insights and Education Experience Influencer Marketing 
The tournament is an activation-
centric sponsorship that elevates 
the event for players and 
attendees and creating a client 
experience that ties directly with 
our values 
Connects with new audiences 
by reaching them in high 
engagement placements and 
aligning posts with influencers 
native content
An event designed to 
demonstrate our commitment 
to the advisor industry while 
championing independence 
and empowering clients
Delivers innovative insights and education experiences 
to engage prospects and clients on their terms and 
empower them to take-action 

--- page 90
90
We continue to 
optimize our 
acquisition levers 
to unlock future 
growth
We continue our 
focus on innovation, 
creativity and 
measurement to 
drive outcomes
Charles Schwab Corporation
In summary.
We continue to 
operate as an efficient 
marketing machine, 
delivering synergies 
without compromise to 
outcomes
--- page 91
Neesha Hathi
Managing Director, Head of Wealth and Advice Solutions
Wealth and Advice Solutions
91Charles Schwab Corporation
--- page 92
Schwab offers a sophisticated array of wealth, advice, 
and investing solutions.
92
Wealth & Advice Solutions meets investor and advisor needs across the wealth spectrum
Note: Q = Quarter. ETF = Exchanged-Traded Fund. AUM = Assets Under Management. B = Billion. T= Trillion. CAGR = Compound Annual Growth Rate.1. Included in AUM and Revenue are: Schwab Wealth Advisory, 
Schwab Advisor Network (including AdvisorDirect), Schwab Intelligent Portfolios/Premium, legacy TDA solutions, Schwab Managed Portfolios, Schwab Personalized Indexing, ThomasPartners, Windhaven, USAA, 
Wasmer Schroeder, Managed Account Select & Access, Mutual Funds (OneSource, INTF/Transaction Fee), ETFs, Fixed Income, and Alternative Investments.
$4.4T
$4.4B
AUM1
Revenue1
As of Q1 2024 / Trailing 12 Months 
Q1 ‘2024 
Financial Planning
Income solutions
Equity award 
specialists
Charitable giving
Schwab Advisor Network®
Schwab Managed 
Portfolios™
Third-Party ProductsAdvice Solutions Wealth Management 
Specialists
Tax, trust, and estate
Transition 
services
Mutual Funds
ETFs
Alternative Investments
Separately Managed 
Accounts
Fixed Income
Annuities
Insurance
Family Dynamics
Schwab Personalized 
Indexing™
Windhaven®
ThomasPartners®
Charles Schwab Corporation
Schwab Wealth Advisory™
Schwab Intelligent 
Portfolios®
Wasmer Schroeder™
--- page 93
We have seen strong momentum as clients look to 
Schwab to meet their wealth management needs.
93
Note: B = Billion. T= Trillion. Q = Quarter. YoY = Year-over-year. AUM = Assets Under Management. CPS = Client Promoter Score. 1. Includes AdvisorDirect. 2. Includes flows from Investor Services, Advisor Services, and 
Off-platform.  3. Includes Schwab Intelligent Portfolios and Schwab Intelligent Portfolios Premium. 4. Easy Score represents a client’s real-time rating of how easy it was to complete a specific task or transaction with the 
firm. 
Wasmer 
Schroeder™
Schwab 
Personalized 
Indexing
™
$191B
Q1 AUM
+20% YoY
80
$246B
Q1 AUM
+28% YoY
Schwab Wealth 
Advisory™
CPS
71
CPS
Schwab Advisor 
Network®1
$4.4B
Q1 net inflows 
+36% YoY
$7.2B
Q1 net inflows 
+67% YoY Tax, Trust and 
Estate
$4.1B
Q1 AUM
Record High
$2.3B
Q1 net inflows2 
Record High
+132%
YoY Client 
Consultations
97%
Client Easy Score4
Schwab Intelligent 
Portfolios®3 
Schwab Investing 
Themes™
$81B
Q1 AUM
Record High
Increasingly, investors are looking to 
Schwab for holistic wealth management. 
Our scale and expertise enable us to serve clients 
in the way they want to be served.
1/3
Investors are <40
73
CPS
45%
Thematic investors new 
to Schwab in past 5 years 
Charles Schwab Corporation
--- page 94
Looking ahead, we expect demand to continue to grow, 
influenced by specific trends.
94
Growing demand 
for wealth 
management
Greater interest in 
holistic advice
More investors are 
seeking and 
willing to pay for 
advice
Increasing demand 
for alternative 
ways to invest
More RIAs looking 
to scale via 
outsourcing
\
Advice market growth 
is anticipated to 
outpace overall 
investible wealth1
Client preference for 
holistic advice (e.g., 
tax, lending) has risen 
~60% since 20183
64% of affluent 
investors are willing to 
pay for advice2
HNW alternatives 
allocations forecast to 
~10% by end of 20244
18% of RIAs are 
outsourcing all or 
partial portfolio 
management, or 
seeking to5
Note: RIA = Registered Investment Advisor. HNW = High Net Worth. 1. 7-8% vs. 5%, respectively through 2027. BCG US Wealth & Advice Market Estimate 2023. 2. Cerulli, U.S. Retail Investor Advice 
Relationships 2023. 3. McKinsey, 2023 Affluent Consumer Insights. 4. Cerulli, U.S. High-Net-Worth and Ultra-High-Net-Worth Markets 2022. 5. Schwab RIA Benchmarking Study 2023. Charles Schwab Corporation
--- page 95
+9%
Fueled by these trends, Schwab has a significant 
opportunity to serve more wealth management needs.
95
Our momentum is building with investors—  
across both Schwab and legacy Ameritrade.
Our Advice Solutions are generating a 
growing portion of our AMAF revenue.
411
Revenue
Asset Management & Advice Fees 
$3.2B $4.8B
Note: B = Billion. T = Trillion. U.S. = United States. ETF = Exchange-Traded Fund. CTF = Collective trust fund. Q = Quarter. AMAF = Asset Management & Advice Fees. YoY = Year-over-year. FC = Financial Consultant. Bps = 
Basis points. CAGR = Compound Annual Growth Rate. 1. Average fee for fee-based advice solutions only. 2. “All Other AMAF” revenue represents all AMAF revenue excluding revenue from fee-based advice solutions. 3. 
Average fee for “Total mutual funds, ETFs, and CTFs” and “Other balance-based fees”. 4. 7-8% vs. 5%, respectively through 2027. 5. Source: BCG U.S. Wealth Population and Advice Estimates as of October 2023. 6. Total  
advice solutions balances as of March 31, 2024.
2%
Schwab Advice Solutions6 
Assets Under Management 
U.S. Retail 
Advice Market: ~$30T5
The opportunity to grow Schwab’s share of the 
growing U.S. advice market is significant.
Average Fee 
(bps)
2023
+60%
97%
~30%
YoY net inflows 
Q1 2024
Ameritrade FCs 
enrolled clients in 
Advice Solution
Schwab Wealth AdvisoryTM 
new households from 
Ameritrade clients in Q1’24
CAGR
Charles Schwab Corporation
$2.0B
$2.9B
$1.2B
$1.9B
Fee-based
Advice
Solutions
All Other AMAF 2
2019 2023
+12%
123
Expectations for Growth: 7-8% CAGR4,5 
--- page 96
We are investing across the wealth spectrum to deliver 
experiences for investors and advisors.
96
Expand and elevate 
wealth experiences
Improve the path to 
advice
Enable and scale RIA 
growth
Model Market 
Center™Retail Alternative 
Investments
Schwab Wealth 
Advisory™  including 
discretionary 
management
Institutional no-
transaction fee 
platform
 
Alternative 
Investments 
Exceptional “pre-
advice” experiences
Expanded lending 
tax, trust and 
estate
Easy enrollment
Tax-aware 
transitions
“Supercharge” our 
professionals
Advice platform 
modernization
AI/ML powered 
assistance
Professional 
development
Note: RIA = Registered Investment Advisor. AI = Artificial Intelligence. ML = Machine Learning. 
 Charles Schwab Corporation
--- page 97
These investments will fortify Schwab’s already 
exceptionally strong position to win in wealth.
97
Trusted brand
Every Life Stage
Digital + Human
Value
One-Stop-Shop
Charles Schwab Corporation
--- page 98
Peter Crawford
Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer
Financial Perspectives
98Charles Schwab Corporation
--- page 99
Our consistent focus on clients has fueled our diversified, 
all-weather model,…
Charles Schwab Corporation 99
Premier Asset 
Gatherer
Clients First, 
No Matter What
Diversified 
Revenue Model
The core tenets of our model remain consistent through-the-cycle. 
Opportunistic 
Capital Return 
Disciplined Expense 
Management

--- page 100
…enabling strong performance 
across a range of environments.
100
20+ Years of Growth
2003 – 2023, CAGR1
Total Client 
Assets Net Revenues
Net Income Annualized Total 
Stock Return2
12% 9%
13% 11%
 2+ rate cycles
 2008 financial crisis
 Global pandemic
 Meme stock mania
 Current inflationary 
environment and ongoing 
rate cycle
 Value-oriented pricing 
across our offering to clients:
– $0 commission equity 
trades
– Free financial planning
– Low-priced index funds 
and ETFs
– Direct indexing and 
personalized investing
 Largest broker-dealer 
acquisition
Client-Focused 
Actions
Macroeconomic 
Backdrop
Note: ETF = Exchanged traded fund. CAGR = Compound annual growth rate.  1. Excludes revenues and assets associated with US Trust, which 
was divested in 2007 2. Calculated as the annual compound total stock return from December 31, 2003 through December 31, 2023; assumes 
dividends reinvested on the ex-date during the period.
Charles Schwab Corporation
--- page 101
101
We have a track record of disrupting the industry and 
developing new products to meet our clients’ needs.
Note: Q = Quarter. T = Trillion. 1. As of March 31, 2024, and represents publicly traded companies. Sourced from company filings, investor presentations, and other third-party databases. Peer asset figures reflect 
respective wealth and investment management segments, excluding Schwab, which is shown on a total company basis. Charles Schwab Corporation
In return, our clients reward us with their business.
Total Client Assets, 1Q14 vs 1Q241
$2.3T
$9.1T
Peer A
Schwab
Peer B
Peer C
Peer D
Our commitment to investors has deepened loyalty and trust, 
enabling sustained client asset growth through-the-cycle.

--- page 102
Charles Schwab Corporation 102
Growth in fee-based solutions will complement our spread revenue, further enhancing our all-weather business model.
20031 2013 2023
Cash-based
Engagement-
based
Revenue Mix Over Time (%)
Note: BDA = Bank Deposit Account. AMAF = Asset Management and Administration Fees. ETF = Exchanged traded fund. 1. Excludes revenues related to US Trust, which was divested in 2007.
Fee-based
 Investment Portfolio
 Bank Lending
 Money Market Funds
 BDA Balances
 Trading
 Margin
 Securities Lending
 Advisory Solutions
 Proprietary and Third-party  
Mutual Funds and ETFs
 Other AMAF revenue
 Interest Rates
 Client Cash Allocations
 Bank Loan Demand
 Market Performance
 Volatility
 Trading Preferences
 Macro environment
 Volatility
 Client utilization
Cash-based
OtherEngagement-based
Fee-based
Revenue Type Drivers Key Components
Our model allows us to remain 
focused on long-term client trends while 
balancing short-term market dynamics.
Powered by sustained success with clients, our diversified model 
delivers financial results across a variety of economic conditions. 
--- page 103
103
Peer comparison?Our balanced approach to expenses has delivered strong profitability, with 11 consecutive years of GAAP pre-tax margins >30% 
and 5 consecutive years of adjusted pre-tax margins2 >40%.
Note: PTPM = Pre-tax profit margin. EOCA = Expense on client assets. Bps = Basis points. CAGR = Compound annual growth rate. 1. Excludes the impact of operations related to US Trust, which was divested in 
2007. 2. Reflects PTPM and total expenses as reported in 10-K filings. 3. Further detail on non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of such measures to reported results are included on slides 112-117 of 
this presentation. 4. Revenue CAGR for “2004-2007” measures FY03 to FY07, “2008-2015” measures FY07 to FY15, “2016-2019” measures FY15 to FY19, and “2020 to 2023” measures FY19 to FY23.
Charles Schwab Corporation
Continue to drive scale and 
efficiency 
Balance near-term profit 
vs. long-term growth of 
the business
Sustain investment in our 
platforms and client 
experience
Balanced Approach to 
Expense Management
Throughout our history, we have exercised discipline in knowing when to “flex” 
and when to push forward. 
Average Pre-tax Profit Margin and EOCA (bps)
Post-Dot Com
Recovery
Great Financial Crisis
+ Aftermath
Quantitative Tightening 
+ Economic Expansion 
COVID + Meme Stock
+ Reinflation
Ameritrade acquisition 
closed in Oct-20
Schwab’s financial discipline supports pre-tax margin 
expansion across a range of environments. 
27
20 16 16 1439%
43%
2020 – 20232
29% 31%
EOCA
PTPM
45%
Adjusted PTPM3
Adjusted EOCA3
2004 - 20071 2008 - 2015 2016 - 2019
11% 3% 15%14% Total Revenue 
CAGR4
--- page 104
104
Support growth of business
Maintain capital well above 
required levels
Seek opportunistic return of 
excess capital
Capital Management Framework
Note: AOCI = Accumulated other comprehensive income. 1. Further detail on non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of such measures to reported results are included on slides 112-117 of this 
presentation. 
The long-term Schwab story remains a combination of growth plus opportunistic capital return.
6.75% – 7.00%
Consolidated Adjusted
Tier 1 Leverage Ratio1
Charles Schwab Corporation
Target 
Operating 
Objective
 Go-forward consolidated objective generally in-line with 
historical levels and creates buffers to support a wide 
range of environments:
– Lower rates: significant inflow of cash to the balance 
sheet that tends to accompany a drop in rates
– Higher rates: help absorb the impact of changes in 
AOCI during periods of rising rates 
Thoughtful capital management facilitates growth plus 
opportunistic capital return through-the-cycle. 
--- page 105
105
Note: AFS = Available for sale. HTM = Held to maturity. AOCI = Accumulated other comprehensive income. 
Limited
Credit Risk
 Lending activity focused on current clients and heavily 
collateralized by securities or homes
 Security selection prioritizes investment grade positions – 
with a strong bias for government- or agency-backed paper
Asset–
Liability 
Alignment
 Bank lending and HTM purchases supported by longer dated 
transactional sweep cash balances
 Mix of AFS securities likely to fluctuate over time based on 
total amount of client investment cash on the balance sheet
 Continue to prioritize liquid securities with limited convexity
Diverse 
Liquidity 
Profile
 Significant liquidity derived from a wide range of sources
 Minimize usage of supplemental borrowing during ordinary 
course of business
 Continue to maintain appropriate liquidity at banking and other 
subsidiaries
Future Considerations
Continuing to analyze a variety of 
potential practices that could 
inform our long-term approach
 Optimize balance sheet size and 
duration to strike a balance between 
revenue stability and AOCI variability
 Accounting for potential AOCI 
variability within regulatory capital 
ratios and other related ratios
 Client cash mix held at the broker-
dealer versus the banks
We will continue to utilize a principles-based approach to balance sheet management.
Charles Schwab Corporation
Our core principles for balance sheet management remain 
relatively consistent through-the-cycle.
--- page 106
106
Mar-24 Dec-25EJan-22
Illustrative NIM vs. Fed Dot Plot1
Illustrative Schwab NIM through 2025
Select Assumptions
 April 2024 Fed Dot Plot
 Cash realignment continues to 
decelerate in 2024 and we pay 
down supplemental borrowings
 Following the pay down, longer-
term NIM accretion will be further 
supported by reinvestment of fixed-
rate book (currently yielding less 
than 2.00%)
Fed Dot Plot (April 2024)
Note: NIM = Net interest margin. E = Estimated. 1. Fed Dot Plot data sourced via Federal Research Economic Data as of April 2024.
4.00%
5.50%
3.00%
Charles Schwab Corporation
We continue to see our NIM approaching 3.00% before the 
end of 2025.
--- page 107
107
 Controllable costs remain contained within initial expectations, while certain factors are helping 
push expenses above prior “no growth” projections
– Items such as the additional FDIC special assessment, higher bonus funding, and an increase in 
exchange processing fees—which are passed through to clients—are expected to lead to a year -over-year 
increase in adjusted total expenses1,3 of approximately 2%
 Client cash realignment activity continues to abate, with May transactional sweep cash 
balances expected to decline by approximately 2% sequentially
– This modest decrease is primarily driven by client reinvestment of fixed income redemptions along with 
lingering impacts from tax season
– Given these dynamics, we anticipate only a modest sequential expansion in NIM for 2Q24
 Looking beyond 2024, we continue to see the opportunity for meaningful sequential revenue 
and earnings growth during 2025
Charles Schwab CorporationNote: Y/Y = Year-over-year. Q = Quarter. NIM = Net interest margin. GAAP = Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. FDIC = Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. 1. Further detail on non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation 
of such measures to reported results are included on slides 112-117 of this presentation.  2. Based on full range of mathematical illustrations shown on slide 34 of the 2024 Winter Business Update dated January 17, 2024. 3. Quarterly 
non-GAAP adjustments estimated to range between approximately $150 to $200 million pre-tax during 2024.
We expect to exit 2024 with Y/Y growth in adjusted quarterly 
earnings1 at the upper-end of the 20% to 30% range2.
--- page 108
108
 Competitive position in the 
two fastest growing segments 
in wealth management
 High single-digit to low-
double digit growth in Total 
Client Assets through the 
cycle
 Significant untapped 
opportunity with only ~14%
1 
market share of U.S. 
investible wealth
 Business model that combines 
brokerage, banking, asset 
management
 Minimal credit exposure, even 
during economic downturns
 Competitively positioned to 
meet the needs of advice-
seeking investors
 Beneficiary of a higher-for-
longer interest rate 
environment
 Attractive returns on invested 
capital
 Dividend payout ratio targeting 
20-30% of GAAP earnings
 Opportunistic capital return 
over time – though share 
repurchases currently on hold
Premier Asset 
Gatherer
Diversified 
Revenue Model
Disciplined Expense 
Management
Efficient Utilization 
     of Capital 
 Ability to leverage scale and 
efficiency to drive down 
Expense on Client Assets 
 Harness remaining expense 
synergies
 Large, untapped efficiency 
opportunities (e.g., Cloud, 
Broker-Dealer Modernization)
Note: NNA = Net new assets. 1. Based on Schwab estimates from Federal Reserve Flow of Funds report. Schwab market share estimate based on total company assets as of March 31, 2024.
Annualized NNA
growth rate
5-7%
Pre-Tax
Profit Margin
50%+
Dividend 
payout ratio20-30%
+ buybacks
Charles Schwab Corporation
As momentum continues to build, we remain on a path back 
towards Schwab’s long-term growth and earnings potential.
--- page 109
Institutional 
Investor Day
May 22, 2024
--- page 110
Appendix
110Charles Schwab Corporation
--- page 111
Retail Disclosures
111
From Investor's Business Daily, January 25, 2024, © 2024 Investor's Business Daily, LLC. All rights reserved. Used with permission and protected by the Copyright Laws of the United States. The 
printing, copying, redistribution or retransmission of this Content without express permission is prohibited. Schwab paid a licensing fee to York Graphic Services, LLC for the use of the award and 
logos.
The Third-party accolade was given on January 25, 2024, and is for a 15-month timeframe. The criteria, evaluation, and ranking were determined by Investor’s Business Daily in conjunction with its 
research partner, TechnoMetrica Market Intelligence. https://www.investors.com/best-online-brokers-2024/ Schwab paid a licensing fee to York Graphic Services, LLC. for use of the award and 
logos.
U.S. News & World Report’s Best Investing Platforms award was given on 4/8/2024 and is for 2024-2025. The criteria, evaluation, and ranking were determined by U.S News & World Report. See 
https://money.usnews.com/investing/best-brokers/methodology for more information. Schwab paid a licensing fee to U.S News & World Report for use of the award and logos.
Forbes Best Customer Service 2024 was given on November 16, 2023, and expires January 2, 2025, The criteria, evaluation, and ranking were determined by Forbes partnered with HundredX. See 
here for more information. Schwab paid a licensing fee to Forbes for use of the award and logos.
Charles Schwab Corporation
--- page 112
Charles Schwab Corporation 112
Appendix
Non-GAAP Introduction
In addition to disclosing financial results in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. (GAAP), this presentation contains references to the non-GAAP financial measures described below. 
We believe these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful supplemental information about the financial performance of the Company, and facilitate meaningful comparison of Schwab’s results in the current 
period to both historic and future results. These non-GAAP measures should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP, and may not be comparable to 
non-GAAP financial measures presented by other companies. 
Schwab’s use of non-GAAP measures is reflective of certain adjustments made to GAAP financial measures as described below. Begin ning in the third quarter of 2023, these adjustments also include restructuring 
costs, which the Company began incurring in connection with its previously announced plans to streamline its operations to prepare for post-integration of Ameritrade. See Part I – Item 1 – Note 10 of our Quarterly 
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2024 for additional information.
Non-GAAP Adjustment or Measure Definition Usefulness to Investors and Uses by Management
Acquisition and integration-related costs, 
amortization of acquired intangible assets, 
and restructuring costs
Schwab adjusts certain GAAP financial measures to exclude the impact of 
acquisition and integration-related costs incurred as a result of the 
Company’s acquisitions, amortization of acquired intangible assets, 
restructuring costs, and, where applicable, the income tax effect of these 
expenses.
Adjustments made to exclude amortization of acquired intangible assets are 
reflective of all acquired intangible assets, which were recorded as part of 
purchase accounting. These acquired intangible assets contribute to the 
Company’s revenue generation. Amortization of acquired intangible assets 
will continue in future periods over their remaining useful lives.
We exclude acquisition and integration-related costs, amortization of acquired 
intangible assets, and restructuring costs for the purpose of calculating certain non-
GAAP measures because we believe doing so provides additional transparency of 
Schwab’s ongoing operations, and is useful in both evaluating the operating 
performance of the business and facilitating comparison of results with prior and future 
periods.
Costs related to acquisition and integration or restructuring fluctuate based on the 
timing of acquisitions, integration and restructuring activities, thereby limiting 
comparability of results among periods, and are not representative of the costs of 
running the Company’s ongoing business. Amortization of acquired intangible assets is 
excluded because management does not believe it is indicative of the Company’s 
underlying operating performance. 
Return on tangible common equity Return on tangible common equity represents annualized adjusted net 
income available to common stockholders as a percentage of average 
tangible common equity. Tangible common equity represents common equity 
less goodwill, acquired intangible assets —  net, and related deferred tax 
liabilities.
Acquisitions typically result in the recognition of significant amounts of goodwill and 
acquired intangible assets. We believe return on tangible common equity may be 
useful to investors as a supplemental measure to facilitate assessing capital efficiency 
and returns relative to the composition of Schwab’s balance sheet.
Adjusted Tier 1 Leverage Ratio Adjusted Tier 1 Leverage Ratio represents the Tier 1 Leverage Ratio as 
prescribed by bank regulatory guidance for the consolidated company and 
for Charles Schwab Bank, SSB, adjusted to reflect the inclusion of 
accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) in the ratio.
Inclusion of the impacts of AOCI in the Company’s Tier 1 Leverage Ratio provides 
additional information regarding the Company’s current capital position. We believe 
Adjusted Tier 1 Leverage Ratio may be useful to investors as a supplemental measure 
of the Company’s capital levels. 
The Company also uses adjusted diluted EPS and return on tangible common equity as components of performance criteria for emp loyee bonus and certain executive management incentive 
compensation arrangements. The Compensation Committee of CSC’s Board of Directors maintains discretion in evaluating performance against these criteria.
--- page 113
Charles Schwab Corporation 113
Appendix
Non-GAAP Reconciliation: Adjusted total expenses and Adjusted net income
Note: N/A = Not applicable.  1. Acquisition and integration-related expenses are primarily included in compensation and benefits, professional services, occupancy and equipment, and other expense.  2. Primarily 
consists of compensation and benefits. 3. The income tax effect of the non-GAAP adjustments is determined using an effective tax rate reflecting the exclusion of non-deductible acquisition costs and is used to 
present the acquisition and integration-related costs and amortization of acquired intangible assets on an after-tax basis. 
Three Months Ended,
March 31, 2024 June 30, 2023
Total Expenses 
Excluding Interest Net Income
Total Expenses 
Excluding Interest Net Income
Total expenses excluding interest (GAAP), 
Net income (GAAP) $2,942 $1,362 $2,965 $1,294 
Acquisition and integration-related costs (1) (38) 38 (130) 130
Amortization of acquired intangible assets (130) 130 (134) 134
Restructuring costs (2) 28 (28) N/A N/A
Income tax effects (3) N/A (33) N/A (64)
Adjusted total expenses (Non-GAAP), 
   Adjusted net income (Non-GAAP) $2,802  $1,469 $2,701  $1,494 
(In millions, except ratios and per share amounts)
--- page 114
Charles Schwab Corporation 114
Appendix
Non-GAAP Reconciliation: Adjusted total expenses and Adjusted net income
Note: N/A = Not applicable.  1. Acquisition and integration-related expenses are primarily included in compensation and benefits, professional services, occupancy and equipment, and other expense.  2. Primarily 
consists of compensation and benefits. 3. The income tax effect of the non-GAAP adjustments is determined using an effective tax rate reflecting the exclusion of non-deductible acquisition costs and is used to 
present the acquisition and integration-related costs and amortization of acquired intangible assets on an after-tax basis. 
Twelve Months Ended,
December 31, 2023 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 December 31, 2019
Total 
Expenses 
Excluding 
Interest Net Income
Total 
Expenses 
Excluding 
Interest Net Income
Total 
Expenses 
Excluding 
Interest Net Income
Total 
Expenses 
Excluding 
Interest Net Income
Total 
Expenses 
Excluding 
Interest Net Income
Total expenses excluding interest 
(GAAP), 
Net income (GAAP) $        12,459 $          5,067 $        11,374 $        7,183 $        10,807 $        5,855 $        7,391 $        3,299 $        5,873 $        3,704
Acquisition and integration-related 
costs (1) (401) 401 (392) 392 (468) 468 (442) 442 (26) 26
Amortization of acquired intangible 
assets (534) 534 (596) 596 (615) 615 (190) 190 (27) 27
Restructuring costs (2) (495) 495 - - - - - - - -
Income tax effects (3) N/A (338) N/A (237) N/A (268) N/A (154) N/A (13)
Adjusted total expenses (Non-GAAP), 
   Adjusted net income (Non-GAAP) $        11,029 $         6,159 $       10,386  $        7,934 $       9,724 $       6,670 $       6,759 $       3,777 $       5,820 $       3,744
(In millions, except ratios and 
per share amounts)
--- page 115
Charles Schwab Corporation 115
Appendix
Non-GAAP Reconciliation: Adjusted income before taxes on income and Adjusted pre-tax 
profit margin
Note: 1. Acquisition and integration-related expenses are primarily included in compensation and benefits, professional services, occupancy and equipment, and other expense.  2. Primarily consists of compensation 
and benefits. 
Twelve Months Ended,
December 31, 2023 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 December 31, 2019
Amount
% of 
Total Net 
Revenues Amount
% of 
Total Net 
Revenues Amount
% of 
Total Net 
Revenues Amount
% of 
Total Net 
Revenues Amount
% of 
Total Net 
Revenues
Income before taxes on income (GAAP), Pre-tax 
  profit margin (GAAP) $        6,378 33.9% $       9,388 45.2% $       7,713 41.6% $       4,300 36.8% $       4,848 45.2%
Acquisition and integration-related costs (1) 401 2.1% 392 1.9% 468 2.5% 442 3.8% 26 0.2%
Amortization of acquired intangible assets 534 2.9% 596 2.9% 615 3.4% 190 1.6% 27 0.3%
Restructuring costs (2) 495 2.6% - - - - - - - -
Adjusted income before taxes on income (Non-GAAP), 
  Adjusted pre-tax profit margin (Non-GAAP) $        7,808 41.5% $       10,376 50.0% $       8,796 47.5% $       4,932 42.2% $       4,901 45.7%
(In millions, except ratios and 
per share amounts)
--- page 116
Charles Schwab Corporation 116
Appendix
Non-GAAP Reconciliation: Adjusted net income to common stockholders and Adjusted diluted EPS
Three Months Ended,
December 31, 2023
Amount Diluted EPS
Net income available to common stockholders (GAAP), 
  Earnings per common share —  diluted (GAAP) $       926 $           .51
Acquisition and integration-related costs (1) 67 .04
Amortization of acquired intangible assets 130 .07
Restructuring costs (2) 216 .12
Income tax effects (3) (91) (.06)
Adjusted net income available to common stockholders 
  (Non-GAAP), Adjusted diluted EPS (Non-GAAP) $       1,248 $           .68
(In millions, except ratios and per share amounts)
Note: EPS = Earnings per share. 1. Acquisition and integration-related expenses are primarily included in compensation and benefits, professional services, occupancy and equipment, and other expense.  2. Primarily 
consists of compensation and benefits. 3. The income tax effect of the non-GAAP adjustments is determined using an effective tax rate reflecting the exclusion of non-deductible acquisition costs and is used to present 
the acquisition and integration-related costs and amortization of acquired intangible assets on an after-tax basis.  
--- page 117
Three Months Ended,
March 31, 2024
CSC CSB
Tier 1 Leverage Ratio (GAAP) 8.8% 10.4%
Tier 1 Capital $        41,598 $        31,944
Plus: AOCI adjustment (17,568) (15,297)
Adjusted Tier 1 Capital 24,030 16,647
Average assets with regulatory adjustments 471,116 306,869
Plus: AOCI adjustment (17,817) (15,664)
Adjusted average assets with regulatory adjustments $        453,299 $        291,205
Adjusted Tier 1 Leverage Ratio (non-GAAP) 5.3% 5.7%
Charles Schwab Corporation 117
Appendix
Non-GAAP Reconciliation: Adjusted Tier 1 Leverage Ratio
(In millions, except ratios and per share amounts)
Note: CSC = Charles Schwab Corporation. CSB = Charles Schwab Bank, SSB. AOCI = Accumulated other comprehensive income. 
--- page 118
Institutional 
Investor Day
May 22, 2024